{
  "batch_id": "meeting_081",
  "doc_type": "meeting",
  "doc_count": 9,
  "results": [
    {
      "doc_title": "Good Chop tech sync up",
      "doc_id": "1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "Technical sync-up meeting for Good Chop project to discuss progress on various initiatives including C@C, OTP, product analytics, and roadmap planning",
      "attendees": [
        "Alexander Matlin",
        "Yury Trofimov",
        "Noah Parker",
        "Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Brigita Angkasa",
        "Yarra Welney",
        "Cori"
      ],
      "date": "2025-12-11",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Update primary metric to total delivered orders and net activations for C@C",
          "who": [
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "Discussed during 2025-12-04 meeting"
        },
        {
          "what": "Use new OTP endpoint instead of handling CRM hacks",
          "who": [
            "OTP team"
          ],
          "context": "Pros include no need for CRM hacks and less reputation/legal risk"
        },
        {
          "what": "Menu pricing pushed to January after Black Friday and Thanksgiving",
          "who": [
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "To get more representative data on price sensitivity"
        },
        {
          "what": "Relaunched checkbox experiment on Nov 4 as 50/50 test: checkbox + no collapsed vs checkbox + collapsed",
          "who": [
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "All established brands have checkbox for NY/CA"
        },
        {
          "what": "Move 'Best Value' label to XL if keeping XL, or to L if switching off XL",
          "who": [
            "Yury Trofimov"
          ],
          "context": "Legal issue with 'most popular' label"
        },
        {
          "what": "Recommendation to select just 1 graduation voucher since customers can use any acquisition voucher",
          "who": [
            "Yury Trofimov"
          ],
          "context": "OTP graduation strategy discussion"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Validate AdTech marketing signals",
          "owner": "Team",
          "timeline": "W50 EOW"
        },
        {
          "task": "Set up Order Confirmation CRM email",
          "owner": "Team",
          "timeline": "Quick (<1 hr)"
        },
        {
          "task": "Set up Lead exclusions in CRM",
          "owner": "Team",
          "timeline": "1-2 days"
        },
        {
          "task": "Complete TB profitability analysis (P0)",
          "owner": "PA team",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Test OTP order creation in staging",
          "owner": "Team",
          "timeline": "W48"
        },
        {
          "task": "Share designs with Yury",
          "owner": "Alexander Matlin",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Double check with Cori",
          "owner": "Team member",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Align with Seb on header consistency between Framer and WL",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Minimize white space to ensure CTA is above the fold and make CTA sticky",
          "owner": "Team",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Follow-up with Seb",
          "owner": "Team member",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Provide ETA for deliverables after Vini completes bootstrap part",
          "owner": "Yarra Welney",
          "timeline": "Aug 29th"
        },
        {
          "task": "Check marketing mix evolution impact on retention",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Check with AP + Dovas for case",
          "owner": "Team member",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Share deck of pics",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "C@C (Customer at Checkout) implementation and customer moderated interviews",
        "OTP (One-Time Purchase) development including funnel work, order creation, and graduation strategy",
        "Product Analytics focus on TB profitability analysis and dashboard updates",
        "Data pipeline changes causing drops in Global Actives Retention metrics",
        "2026 Financial Planning with focus on retention (trending 2.9), lower CAC YoY by increasing CVR (18%), and 8% box count increase",
        "Checkbox experiment rollout and testing",
        "Menu pricing sensitivity analysis postponed to January",
        "Wallet banner discount combinations and testing",
        "Shopify integration discussions",
        "Failed payments issues with data extension availability"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        "C@C blocked by Price service returning empty Description field for MR and KN (correct for HF US)",
        "C@C blocked by payment issues: slow endpoint response (resolved), subscription 'pending' state persistent, errors not passed to front-end",
        "Refunds work via BOB but not Owl",
        "Failed payments - 2 customers not available in data extension",
        "Wallet banner doesn't work with combo discount (with for life)"
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Meeting with payment and pricing team at 5pm (Alexander Matlin)",
        "Clarify failed payments issues with Yury Trofimov",
        "Circle back on deliverables ETA on Aug 29th",
        "Q1 2026 as barometer to refocus strategy",
        "Test ads attribution once OTP order creation available in staging",
        "Align on graduation voucher strategy with Yury Trofimov",
        "Investigate data pipeline changes impact on historical retention numbers"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Good Chop",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Main project being discussed in tech sync meetings"
        },
        {
          "name": "C@C (Customer at Checkout)",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Feature being developed with payment and pricing blockers"
        },
        {
          "name": "OTP (One-Time Purchase)",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "MVP being developed with 80 SP remaining for post checkout"
        },
        {
          "name": "Alexander Matlin",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting with payment and pricing team, sharing designs"
        },
        {
          "name": "Yury Trofimov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Key decision maker on graduation vouchers, alignment tasks, and various follow-ups"
        },
        {
          "name": "Noah Parker",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Confirmed no changes needed for ads attribution setup"
        },
        {
          "name": "Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Confirmed OTP checkout event will fire from send_checkout_confirmation"
        },
        {
          "name": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Assigned multiple tasks"
        },
        {
          "name": "Yarra Welney",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Working on ETA for deliverables"
        },
        {
          "name": "BOB",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Refunds work via this system"
        },
        {
          "name": "Owl",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Refunds not working via this system"
        },
        {
          "name": "Price service",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Returns empty Description field for MR and KN"
        },
        {
          "name": "CRM",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Email setup for order confirmation and lead exclusions"
        },
        {
          "name": "AdTech",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Marketing signals validation needed"
        },
        {
          "name": "Shopify",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Integration discussions ongoing"
        },
        {
          "name": "TB (Trial Box)",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Profitability analysis P0 priority, dashboard updates"
        },
        {
          "name": "Factual Global Actives Retention dashboard",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Showing lower boxes than before due to data pipeline changes"
        },
        {
          "name": "HF US",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Price service returns correct values for this brand"
        },
        {
          "name": "MR",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Price service returns empty Description field"
        },
        {
          "name": "KN",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Price service returns empty Description field"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "Good Chop tech sync up",
      "doc_id": "1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "Technical sync-up meeting for Good Chop to discuss project progress, roadmap items, and technical implementations",
      "attendees": [
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Alexander Matlin",
        "Yury Trofimov",
        "Noah Parker",
        "Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus",
        "Yarra Welney",
        "Brigita Angkasa",
        "Cori",
        "Seb",
        "Dovas"
      ],
      "date": "2025-12-15",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "OTP solution to integrate proper COS endpoint",
          "who": [
            "Technical team"
          ],
          "context": "Decision made for OTP MVP implementation approach"
        },
        {
          "what": "Menu pricing pushed to January",
          "who": [
            "Product team"
          ],
          "context": "Delayed after Black Friday and Thanksgiving for more representative price sensitivity data"
        },
        {
          "what": "Update primary metric to total delivered orders and net activations for C@C",
          "who": [
            "Analytics team"
          ],
          "context": "Metric change for better tracking of C@C performance"
        },
        {
          "what": "Recommendation to select 1 graduation voucher",
          "who": [
            "Yury Trofimov"
          ],
          "context": "Customers can use any acquisition voucher anyway"
        },
        {
          "what": "Change 'Most Popular' label to 'Best Value'",
          "who": [
            "Product team"
          ],
          "context": "Legal issue with 'Most Popular' designation"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Escalate C@C issue (still only 10%)",
          "owner": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Test live orders and GTM flows for OTP",
          "owner": "OTP team",
          "timeline": "Mid-end next week from 2025-12-11"
        },
        {
          "task": "Complete OTP funnel work",
          "owner": "OTP team",
          "timeline": "End of year"
        },
        {
          "task": "Post-checkout implementation",
          "owner": "OTP team",
          "timeline": "Mid-January"
        },
        {
          "task": "Share designs with Yury",
          "owner": "Alexander Matlin",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Double check with Cori",
          "owner": "Not specified",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Align with Seb",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Follow-up with Seb",
          "owner": "Not specified",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Minimize white space to ensure CTA is above the fold",
          "owner": "Design team",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Make CTA sticky",
          "owner": "Design team",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Check with AP + Dovas for case",
          "owner": "Not specified",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Share deck of pics",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Provide ETA for deliverables after Vini completes bootstrap",
          "owner": "Yarra Welney",
          "timeline": "August 29th"
        },
        {
          "task": "Clarify failed payments issues",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Check how marketing mix evolution impacts retention",
          "owner": "Yury Trofimov",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "OTP (One-Time Purchase) implementation progress with order creation completion target",
        "C@C (likely Customer at Checkout) at only 10% performance",
        "Benefits display strategy: percentage-based discount showing total savings in dollars with breakdown",
        "Business recap format planned for January",
        "Customer moderated interviews scheduled",
        "AdTech marketing signals validation",
        "CRM email setup with order confirmation and lead exclusions",
        "Refunds working via BOB but not Owl",
        "TB (likely Trial Box) profitability analysis as P0 priority",
        "Data pipeline changes affecting historical retention metrics",
        "2026 FP goals: retention focus (2.9 target), lower CAC YoY, increase CVR to 18%, box count increase 8%",
        "Timer in activation funnel should be removed",
        "Shopify integration discussions ongoing",
        "Wallet banner testing with percentage-based discounts"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        {
          "issue": "C@C blocked by payment team",
          "details": "Three issues: 1) Slow response on endpoint (latency resolved), 2) Subscription 'pending' state persistent, 3) Errors not passed to front-end"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Price service returns empty Description field for MR and KN",
          "details": "Works correctly for HF US, meeting scheduled with payment and pricing team"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Failed payments - some customers not available in data extension",
          "details": "Inconsistent behavior across customers"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Wallet banner combo discount not working",
          "details": "Doesn't work when it's a combo discount (with 'for life' offers)"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Data pipeline changes caused drop in retention metrics",
          "details": "Historical numbers showing lower boxes than before (AOR dropped from 2 to 1.2 for Q1 2024)"
        }
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Business recap format for January",
        "Customer moderated interviews",
        "OTP Dashboard and Graduation ticket breakdown",
        "Shopify team collaboration and support requirements",
        "Menu pricing implementation in January",
        "Q1 2026 as barometer to refocus strategy",
        "Testing $X off across boxes for wallet banner",
        "Multivariate test for cut selection",
        "Virality kicking off addons as reward with voucher squad"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Team member assigned to escalate C@C issues and other tasks"
        },
        {
          "name": "Alexander Matlin",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting with payment and pricing team, responsible for sharing designs"
        },
        {
          "name": "Yury Trofimov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Key decision maker, multiple action items assigned, alignment on graduation vouchers"
        },
        {
          "name": "Noah Parker",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Confirmed no changes needed for ads attribution setup"
        },
        {
          "name": "Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Confirmed OTP checkout event firing, working on bootstrap"
        },
        {
          "name": "Yarra Welney",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Providing ETA for deliverables"
        },
        {
          "name": "Brigita Angkasa",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Mentioned in context of content explanation"
        },
        {
          "name": "OTP",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "One-Time Purchase implementation, major project with multiple milestones"
        },
        {
          "name": "C@C",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Customer at Checkout project, currently at 10% performance, blocked by payment issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "TB",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Trial Box profitability analysis as P0 priority"
        },
        {
          "name": "BOB",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "System where refunds work correctly"
        },
        {
          "name": "Owl",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "System where refunds are not working"
        },
        {
          "name": "COS",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Customer Order Service endpoint for OTP integration"
        },
        {
          "name": "SCMx",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Sample system for OTP endpoint downstream impact"
        },
        {
          "name": "CRM",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Customer Relationship Management system for email flows"
        },
        {
          "name": "Shopify",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "E-commerce platform being discussed for integration"
        },
        {
          "name": "HF US",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "HelloFresh US, working correctly with price service"
        },
        {
          "name": "MR",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Market with price service description field issue"
        },
        {
          "name": "KN",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Market with price service description field issue"
        },
        {
          "name": "Framer",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Design tool with header consistency issues vs actual WL"
        },
        {
          "name": "Cori",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Person to double check with regarding preset plans"
        },
        {
          "name": "Seb",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Person to align and follow up with"
        },
        {
          "name": "Dovas",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Person to check with for case review"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "Tech Sync Good Chop - 2025/12/17 21:00 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1t_-W5LsXWwm6gSYX5ldTbqXxhAFztYk7i6czGvJhD08",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "Technical sync meeting to discuss and resolve issues with Good Chop system",
      "attendees": [
        "Yury Trofimov",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Alexander Matlin",
        "Beatrice Dimarucut",
        "Deo Nathaniel",
        "Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7)"
      ],
      "date": "2025-12-17",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Merge configuration setting from staging to live environment",
          "who": [
            "Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7)"
          ],
          "context": "A necessary configuration setting was present on staging but missing on live, causing menu display issues"
        },
        {
          "what": "Ask town team to review the issue",
          "who": [
            "Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7)"
          ],
          "context": "To get additional review on the voucher and menu configuration problems"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Prepare necessary work to merge required configuration setting into live environment",
          "owner": "Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7)",
          "timeline": "Today (Dec 17, 2025)"
        },
        {
          "task": "Ask town team to review the issue",
          "owner": "Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7)",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "Voucher remained applied after clearing attempts",
        "Plan menu disappeared when selecting 'one time box' option",
        "Configuration discrepancy between staging and live environments",
        "System showing wrong menu (W52 menu recognized but displaying 'classic box free cut' instead of GPU-specific menu)",
        "Price initially showed as zero despite voucher being present",
        "Voucher value of minus 50 was observed"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        {
          "issue": "Voucher not clearing properly",
          "impact": "Plan menu disappears after selecting one time box option"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Missing configuration setting on live environment",
          "impact": "Wrong menu displayed to users"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Menu allocation or request problem",
          "impact": "System showing 'classic box free cut' instead of GPU-specific menu despite recognizing W52 menu"
        }
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Town team review of the voucher and configuration issues",
        "Verification that configuration merge resolves the menu display problem",
        "Confirmation that voucher clearing works properly after fix"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Good Chop",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "System being discussed with voucher and menu configuration issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7)",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Primary person identifying and working to resolve the issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "CCM",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Explored as potential source of menu syncing issue"
        },
        {
          "name": "staging",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Environment where configuration was correct and menus synced from live"
        },
        {
          "name": "live",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Production environment missing necessary configuration setting"
        },
        {
          "name": "town team",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Team to be asked to review the issue"
        },
        {
          "name": "W52 menu",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Menu recognized by system but not displaying correctly"
        },
        {
          "name": "GPU-specific menu",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Expected menu that should display instead of 'classic box free cut'"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "Tech Sync Good Chop - 2025/12/17 19:34 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1GXCAJMwy_L2b98WoylroodHLi17rvbUTp3eGIyAVamE",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "Technical synchronization meeting for Good Chop project",
      "attendees": [
        "Yury Trofimov",
        "Alexander Matlin",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Beatrice Dimarucut",
        "Deo Nathaniel"
      ],
      "date": "2025-12-17",
      "decisions": [],
      "action_items": [],
      "key_points": [
        "Meeting was transcribed but lasted only 2 minutes and 46 seconds",
        "No summary was produced due to insufficient conversation in a supported language",
        "Gemini automated note-taking was used but did not capture substantive content"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        "Insufficient conversation in supported language prevented automated summary generation",
        "Meeting appears to have been very brief or had technical issues with transcription"
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Review transcript to determine if meeting needs to be rescheduled",
        "Verify if language settings or technical issues prevented proper transcription"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Yury Trofimov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting invitee"
        },
        {
          "name": "Alexander Matlin",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting invitee"
        },
        {
          "name": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting invitee"
        },
        {
          "name": "Beatrice Dimarucut",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting invitee"
        },
        {
          "name": "Deo Nathaniel",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting invitee"
        },
        {
          "name": "Good Chop",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Subject of technical sync meeting"
        },
        {
          "name": "Gemini",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "AI note-taking system used for the meeting"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "Influencer MP: EOY Review - 2025/12/18 15:59 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1UdAvbiXUrziboX6cnMAbX2oMzgxTFVWqNEpqnhcd8RY",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "End of year review for Influencer Marketplace project to review last year's research findings and plan for next year, focusing on customer and creator interviews",
      "attendees": [
        "Annette MvdE",
        "Ian Brooks",
        "Melanie Schwindt",
        "Katheryn Eckles",
        "Wanderley Teixeira",
        "Sameer Doda",
        "Shay Obaidullah",
        "Alison McMenemy",
        "Marc",
        "Alice Canty",
        "Guido Mancassola",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Marlene Rosner",
        "Cole Banning",
        "Marina Kramer",
        "Jama Musse",
        "Linnea Siersma",
        "Megan Thee Scallion"
      ],
      "date": "December 18, 2025",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Proceed with building at least one side of the platform (customer-facing) without waiting for all research to complete",
          "who": [
            "Sameer Doda",
            "Nikita Gorshkov"
          ],
          "context": "To maintain delivery speed while research continues, though sequencing challenges exist due to supply-driven nature of platform"
        },
        {
          "what": "Continue with customer and creator interviews through the end of the year",
          "who": [
            "Katheryn Eckles",
            "Annette MvdE"
          ],
          "context": "Seven participants for concept evaluation completed, with last session scheduled for Friday; 12 influencer interviews completed (more than expected)"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Complete final creator interview session",
          "owner": "Katheryn Eckles",
          "timeline": "Friday (end of week)"
        },
        {
          "task": "Set up follow-up conversations regarding product-market fit findings",
          "owner": "Sameer Doda",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Add vacation schedules to shared document",
          "owner": "Team members",
          "timeline": "Before end of year"
        },
        {
          "task": "Continue on project through transition period",
          "owner": "Katheryn Eckles",
          "timeline": "Ongoing into next year"
        },
        {
          "task": "Work first week of January then transition to other projects",
          "owner": "Annette MvdE",
          "timeline": "First week of January 2026"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "Influencers view the marketplace concept positively and see high potential value in addressing ingredient sourcing friction for their audiences",
        "Creators demand clear monetization structure and efficient low-effort recipe uploads (e.g., automated nutrition facts)",
        "Strong demand for enhanced filtering options on creator profiles, particularly for dietary needs like dairy-free and gluten-free",
        "Concerns raised about potential cost and time impact of vetting process",
        "Customer interviews showed high enthusiasm for marketplace concept with preference for low-commitment purchase models",
        "Need for creator trust established through verified badges, transparent reviews, and links to original social media videos",
        "Proposal to integrate vetted creator recipes into HelloFresh's active meal selection for existing subscribers, with creators paid per recipe shipment",
        "Strong initial signs of potential product-market fit in both directions (creators and customers)",
        "Challenge regarding sequencing of customer-facing versus creator-facing capabilities due to supply-driven nature of platform"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        "Sequencing challenge: platform is supply-driven but need to determine whether to build customer-facing or creator-facing capabilities first",
        "Vetting process concerns regarding cost and time impact on creators",
        "Need for operational efficiency and clear ROI for creators to participate"
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Research next steps to be determined with Katheryn Eckles continuing on project",
        "Follow-up conversations on product-market fit findings",
        "Decisions on creator side of platform once customer side progresses",
        "Explore recipe modularity features to allow creators to easily modify recipes for dietary accommodations",
        "Clarify creator landing page actions and information"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Influencer MP",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Influencer Marketplace project being reviewed for end of year progress"
        },
        {
          "name": "HelloFresh",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Parent platform that could integrate creator recipes into active meal selection; existing features like meat kit swapping could be leveraged"
        },
        {
          "name": "Katheryn Eckles",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Led research efforts including 12 influencer interviews and customer concept evaluations; received praise for high quality insights work"
        },
        {
          "name": "Annette MvdE",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Project leader who welcomed team and facilitated the review; transitioning out in January but available first week"
        },
        {
          "name": "Sameer Doda",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Provided updates on scoping MVP for one-time purchase experience; managing platform development decisions"
        },
        {
          "name": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Involved in platform development decisions and sequencing discussions"
        },
        {
          "name": "Megan Thee Scallion",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Proposed integrating vetted creator recipes into HelloFresh's meal selection with per-shipment creator payment model; based in Toronto HQ"
        },
        {
          "name": "MVP",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Minimum viable product being scoped for one-time purchase experience"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "Influencer MP: EOY Review - 2025/12/18 15:59 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1UdAvbiXUrziboX6cnMAbX2oMzgxTFVWqNEpqnhcd8RY",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "End of year review for Influencer Marketplace project to review last year's research findings and plan for next year, focusing on customer and creator interviews",
      "attendees": [
        "Annette MvdE",
        "Ian Brooks",
        "Melanie Schwindt",
        "Katheryn Eckles",
        "Wanderley Teixeira",
        "Sameer Doda",
        "Shay Obaidullah",
        "Alison McMenemy",
        "Marc",
        "Alice Canty",
        "Guido Mancassola",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Marlene Rosner",
        "Cole Banning",
        "Marina Kramer",
        "Jama Musse",
        "Linnea Siersma",
        "Megan Thee Scallion"
      ],
      "date": "December 18, 2025",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Proceed with building at least one side of the platform (customer-facing) without waiting for final decisions on creator-facing capabilities",
          "who": [
            "Sameer Doda",
            "Nikita Gorshkov"
          ],
          "context": "To maintain delivery speed while addressing the supply-driven nature of the platform and sequencing challenges"
        },
        {
          "what": "Continue with customer and creator interviews to completion",
          "who": [
            "Katheryn Eckles",
            "Annette MvdE"
          ],
          "context": "7 participants for concept evaluation completed, with last session scheduled for Friday; 12 influencer interviews nearly complete (one remaining)"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Complete final influencer interview session",
          "owner": "Katheryn Eckles",
          "timeline": "Friday (after meeting date)"
        },
        {
          "task": "Set up follow-up conversations regarding product-market fit findings",
          "owner": "Sameer Doda",
          "timeline": "Not specified"
        },
        {
          "task": "Add vacation schedules to shared document",
          "owner": "Team members",
          "timeline": "Before end of year"
        },
        {
          "task": "Continue project work and research",
          "owner": "Katheryn Eckles",
          "timeline": "Ongoing into next year"
        },
        {
          "task": "Transition project leadership",
          "owner": "Annette MvdE",
          "timeline": "First week of January, then smooth fade out"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "Influencers view the marketplace concept positively and see high potential value in addressing ingredient sourcing friction for their audiences",
        "Creators demand clear monetization structure and efficient low-effort recipe uploads (e.g., automated nutrition facts)",
        "Strong desire for enhanced filtering options on creator profiles, particularly for dietary needs like dairy-free and gluten-free",
        "Concerns raised about potential cost and time impact of the vetting process",
        "Customer interviews showed high enthusiasm for marketplace concept with preference for low-commitment purchase models",
        "Need for creator trust established through verified badges, transparent reviews, and links to original social media videos",
        "Proposal to integrate vetted creator recipes into HelloFresh's active meal selection for existing subscribers, with creators paid per recipe shipment",
        "Strong initial signs of potential product-market fit in both directions (creators and customers)",
        "Sameer Doda provided updates on scoping MVP for one-time purchase experience"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        {
          "issue": "Sequencing challenge regarding customer-facing versus creator-facing capabilities due to supply-driven nature of platform",
          "context": "Need to determine which side of the marketplace to build first while maintaining momentum"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Creator concerns about vetting process cost and time impact",
          "context": "May affect creator willingness to participate in platform"
        },
        {
          "issue": "Need for operational efficiency and clear ROI for creators",
          "context": "Critical for creator adoption and retention"
        }
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Finalize recommendations and plans for next year based on research findings",
        "Determine monetization structure details for creators",
        "Explore recipe modularity features leveraging existing HelloFresh capabilities (e.g., meat kit swapping)",
        "Make decisions on creator-facing platform features once customer-facing side progresses",
        "Research next steps to be determined with Katheryn Eckles continuing on project"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Influencer MP",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Influencer Marketplace project being reviewed for end of year"
        },
        {
          "name": "HelloFresh",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Parent platform with existing features like meal selection and meat kit swapping that could be leveraged"
        },
        {
          "name": "Katheryn Eckles",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Lead researcher conducting creator and customer interviews, praised for high quality insights work"
        },
        {
          "name": "Annette MvdE",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Project leader facilitating the review, transitioning out in early January"
        },
        {
          "name": "Sameer Doda",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Providing updates on MVP scoping for one-time purchase experience"
        },
        {
          "name": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Involved in platform development decisions"
        },
        {
          "name": "Megan Thee Scallion",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Proposed integrating vetted creator recipes into HelloFresh active meal selection, located in Canada - Toronto HQ"
        },
        {
          "name": "MVP",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Minimum Viable Product being scoped for one-time purchase experience"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "OTP Topics - 2025/12/29 16:00 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1pH-H6ULtkfPPyd-Y6Tf5s1FlnoIfdZ4eHa2-4EOBAUE",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "To resolve outstanding VMS launch blockers for OTP with the goal of going live next week",
      "attendees": [
        "Hamed Karimian",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Alexander Matlin",
        "Edwin Torres",
        "Morteza Pourkazemi",
        "Pantelis Chatzinikolis"
      ],
      "date": "December 29, 2025",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Defer refund payment issue to week two",
          "who": [
            "Nikita Gorshkov",
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "Refund payment error on OTP can be resolved after launch, prioritizing the first two blockers (Katana and Salesforce events) as R&D blockers for launch"
        },
        {
          "what": "Escalate to incident if no response by 12 PM Berlin time next day",
          "who": [
            "Alexander Matlin",
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "If respective teams don't respond to outreach about the first two issues by noon Berlin time, the team will escalate the matter"
        },
        {
          "what": "Investigate manual refund process for interim solution",
          "who": [
            "Hamed Karimian",
            "Nikita Gorshkov"
          ],
          "context": "To handle refund requests manually during the first week of launch while the refund payment issue is being resolved"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Contact Marat and Arem from plans squad regarding event production issues",
          "owner": "Alexander Matlin",
          "timeline": "Before 12 PM Berlin time the following day"
        },
        {
          "task": "Reach out to customer care team about manual refund process",
          "owner": "Hamed Karimian",
          "timeline": "Next week"
        },
        {
          "task": "Investigate event emission issue and update thread",
          "owner": "Edwin Torres",
          "timeline": "Before 12 PM Berlin time the following day"
        },
        {
          "task": "Ping Nikita on payment channel thread",
          "owner": "Edwin Torres",
          "timeline": "Immediate"
        },
        {
          "task": "Update grow go kit library to handle new business division for refund payments",
          "owner": "Edwin Torres",
          "timeline": "Week two"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "Three main blockers identified: events not received in Katana, Salesforce not receiving OTP events, and error during refund payments on OTP",
        "Issues manifested immediately in the first two live internal orders",
        "Functional testing was successful on staging, but Katana and Salesforce events needed live testing",
        "Orders are created successfully and visible in 'all' or Bob, but communications to Katana and Salesforce are not triggered",
        "Missing events mean customers would not receive physical products",
        "The orchestrator 'ops' likely emits the missing events",
        "Problem might be related to business division requiring grow go kit library or configuration issue like 'factor market' not being enabled"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        "Events not being received in Katana (R&D blocker for launch)",
        "Salesforce not receiving OTP events (R&D blocker for launch)",
        "Error during refund payments on OTP (deferred to week two)",
        "Lack of ability to test Katana and Salesforce parts in staging environment",
        "Possible configuration issue with 'factor market' not being enabled",
        "Business division issue requiring grow go kit library update"
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Response from Marat and Arem from plans squad about event issues",
        "Manual refund process establishment with customer care team",
        "Resolution of grow go kit library update for refund payments in week two",
        "Potential escalation to incident if no response by deadline"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "VMS",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Launch project for OTP that is being blocked by technical issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "OTP",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "One-time purchase system being launched for VMS"
        },
        {
          "name": "Katana",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "System not receiving events from OTP orders, blocking customer product fulfillment"
        },
        {
          "name": "Salesforce",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "CRM system not receiving OTP events"
        },
        {
          "name": "grow go kit",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Library that needs to be updated to handle new business division for refund payments"
        },
        {
          "name": "Customer Order Services",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Initially thought to generate events, but determined not to be the source"
        },
        {
          "name": "ops (orchestrator)",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Likely emits the events that are missing for Katana and Salesforce"
        },
        {
          "name": "Bob",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "System where orders are visible and successfully created"
        },
        {
          "name": "TCS",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Salesforce side testing system"
        },
        {
          "name": "Marat",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Member of plans squad to be contacted about event production issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "Arem",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Member of plans squad to be contacted about event production issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "Genga",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Person online who can help with payment-related issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "factor market",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Configuration that might not be enabled, potentially causing event issues"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "OTP Topics - 2025/12/29 16:00 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1pH-H6ULtkfPPyd-Y6Tf5s1FlnoIfdZ4eHa2-4EOBAUE",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "To resolve outstanding VMS launch blockers for OTP with the goal of going live next week",
      "attendees": [
        "Hamed Karimian",
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Alexander Matlin",
        "Edwin Torres",
        "Morteza Pourkazemi",
        "Pantelis Chatzinikolis"
      ],
      "date": "December 29, 2025",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Defer refund payment issue to week two",
          "who": [
            "Nikita Gorshkov",
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "The refund payment error on OTP can be resolved after launch, prioritizing the first two blockers (Katana and Salesforce events) as R&D blockers for launch"
        },
        {
          "what": "Escalate to incident if no response by 12 PM Berlin time next day",
          "who": [
            "Alexander Matlin",
            "Team"
          ],
          "context": "If no answers are received from respective teams regarding the first two issues by noon the following day, the team will escalate"
        },
        {
          "what": "Investigate manual refund process for interim solution",
          "who": [
            "Hamed Karimian",
            "Nikita Gorshkov"
          ],
          "context": "To handle refund requests manually during the first week of launch while the refund payment issue is being resolved"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Contact Marat and Arem from plans squad regarding event production issues",
          "owner": "Alexander Matlin",
          "timeline": "Before 12 PM Berlin time the following day"
        },
        {
          "task": "Reach out to customer care team to determine manual refund process",
          "owner": "Hamed Karimian",
          "timeline": "Next week"
        },
        {
          "task": "Investigate event emission issue and update thread",
          "owner": "Edwin Torres",
          "timeline": "Before 12 PM Berlin time the following day"
        },
        {
          "task": "Ping Nikita on payment channel thread",
          "owner": "Edwin Torres",
          "timeline": "Immediate"
        },
        {
          "task": "Update grow go kit library to handle new business division for refund payments",
          "owner": "Edwin Torres",
          "timeline": "Week two (deferred)"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "Three main blockers identified: events not received in Katana, Salesforce not receiving OTP events, and error during refund payments on OTP",
        "Issues manifested immediately in the first two live internal orders",
        "Functional testing was successful on staging, but Katana and Salesforce events needed live testing",
        "Orders are being created successfully and visible in 'all' or Bob, but communications to Katana and Salesforce are not triggered",
        "Missing events mean customers would not receive physical products",
        "The orchestrator 'ops' likely emits the missing events",
        "Problem might be related to business division requiring grow go kit library or configuration issue like 'factor market' not being enabled"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        "Events not being received in Katana (R&D blocker for launch)",
        "Salesforce not receiving OTP events (R&D blocker for launch)",
        "Error during refund payments on OTP (deferred to week two)",
        "Inability to test Katana and Salesforce integrations on staging environment",
        "Potential configuration issue with 'factor market' not being enabled",
        "Business division issue requiring grow go kit library update"
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Response from Marat and Arem from plans squad on event production issues",
        "Manual refund process determination with customer care team",
        "Resolution of grow go kit library update for refund payments in week two",
        "Potential escalation to incident if no response by deadline"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "VMS",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Launch project for OTP"
        },
        {
          "name": "OTP",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "System being launched for VMS, experiencing blocker issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "Katana",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Not receiving events from OTP, critical blocker for launch"
        },
        {
          "name": "Salesforce",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Not receiving OTP events, critical blocker for launch"
        },
        {
          "name": "grow go kit",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Library that needs to be updated to handle new business division for refund payments"
        },
        {
          "name": "Customer Order Services",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Initially thought to generate events, but determined not to be the source"
        },
        {
          "name": "ops (orchestrator)",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Likely emits the events that are missing to Katana and Salesforce"
        },
        {
          "name": "Bob",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "System where orders are visible and successfully created"
        },
        {
          "name": "TCS",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Salesforce side testing system"
        },
        {
          "name": "Marat",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Member of plans squad to be contacted about event production issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "Arem",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Member of plans squad to be contacted about event production issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "Genga",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Person online who can help with payment-related issues"
        },
        {
          "name": "factor market",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Configuration that might not be enabled, potentially causing event issues"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "doc_title": "Nikita / Prateek (Deep Dive) - 2025/12/05 13:04 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1ZrH9rh9OO4FWLwVYdzufa3KLqOQroasXNlOYRhiHiWk",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "meeting_purpose": "Deep dive discussion on content strategy and app development for pet health tracking",
      "attendees": [
        "Nikita Gorshkov",
        "Prateek Jajoo"
      ],
      "date": "2025-12-05",
      "decisions": [
        {
          "what": "Develop a pet app to measure and communicate pet health improvements",
          "who": [
            "Nikita Gorshkov",
            "Prateek Jajoo"
          ],
          "context": "To improve social proof and retention by showing users that products improve pet health"
        },
        {
          "what": "Add questions to existing commercial team surveys to understand pet owner concerns",
          "who": [
            "Nikita Gorshkov",
            "Prateek Jajoo"
          ],
          "context": "To identify top 5 worries/thoughts of pet owners before building app features"
        },
        {
          "what": "Define smallest possible product and test ideas before committing significant resources",
          "who": [
            "Nikita Gorshkov",
            "Prateek Jajoo"
          ],
          "context": "Company has weak history in content strategies and wants to build confidence incrementally"
        },
        {
          "what": "Offer basic tracking capabilities to all pet owners who download app, not just active customers",
          "who": [
            "Nikita Gorshkov",
            "Prateek Jajoo"
          ],
          "context": "To maximize engagement and potential user base"
        }
      ],
      "action_items": [
        {
          "task": "Start work on login page and write one-pager for review with stage one and stage two plans",
          "owner": "Prateek Jajoo",
          "timeline": "Quick win within one sprint"
        },
        {
          "task": "Send Lindsay's contact and add Prateek to TPT team for survey visibility",
          "owner": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "timeline": "Immediate"
        },
        {
          "task": "Work with Katrina to ensure right survey questions are asked",
          "owner": "Prateek Jajoo",
          "timeline": "Before next survey cycle"
        },
        {
          "task": "Ensure Katrina has bandwidth for design work and push back on distractions",
          "owner": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "timeline": "Ongoing"
        }
      ],
      "key_points": [
        "Company has weak history in content strategies and daily active user increases",
        "Target power users are 'dinks' (Dual Income, No Kids) in metro areas who pamper their pets",
        "Average US spend per dog is $1.6k per year (highest globally)",
        "Commercial team runs surveys every 2 weeks or monthly with good response rates",
        "App should help measure and communicate health improvements rather than waiting for customers to notice",
        "Health measurement and communication could solve retention problem (similar to Amazon Prime utility)",
        "Pet owners have emotional attachment and perceive pets as children"
      ],
      "blockers": [
        {
          "issue": "Katrina's bandwidth for design work",
          "context": "Concerns about designer availability due to distractions from senior director"
        }
      ],
      "follow_ups": [
        "Review one-pager for stage one and stage two plans",
        "Access latest survey results (last available from August)",
        "Prateek to speak with Yara (dog owner, represents target audience middle ground)",
        "Incorporate survey findings into app feature prioritization"
      ],
      "entities": [
        {
          "name": "Nikita Gorshkov",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting participant, appears to be in leadership/product role"
        },
        {
          "name": "Prateek Jajoo",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Meeting participant, appears to be in product/development role"
        },
        {
          "name": "Lindsay",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "TPT team member who runs in-depth surveys"
        },
        {
          "name": "Katrina",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Designer who will work on app design, has bandwidth concerns"
        },
        {
          "name": "Yara",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Dog owner (dog named Boba), represents target audience middle ground"
        },
        {
          "name": "Boba",
          "type": "person",
          "context": "Yara's dog"
        },
        {
          "name": "TPT team",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Team that runs customer surveys"
        },
        {
          "name": "Commercial team",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Team that runs surveys every 2 weeks or monthly"
        },
        {
          "name": "Pet health tracking app",
          "type": "project",
          "context": "Main project being discussed for development"
        },
        {
          "name": "Amazon Prime",
          "type": "system",
          "context": "Referenced as comparison for high utility service model"
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "analyzed_at": "2026-01-02T13:03:31.550217"
}