{
  "batch_id": "C06CT0185T3_1765368418.388899",
  "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
  "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
  "message_count": 10,
  "thread_count": 10,
  "avg_importance": 80.4,
  "tag_summary": {
    "high_engagement": 2,
    "action": 4,
    "discussion": 5,
    "question": 8,
    "deadline": 1
  },
  "time_range": {
    "start": "1765368418.388899",
    "end": "1767102563.907669"
  },
  "messages": [
    {
      "ts": "1765368418.388899",
      "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "text": ":wave: hey folks, please see the update that I pinged you about.\n\n*tl;dr:* we're asked to follow the *https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rmoBu68La_UdWDzb_ioa3bM2kgfR_c_Bf4AHEplsEEA/edit?usp=sharing*, basically to fill out *https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TFvUQFbFKG4k5Y819UqVpxIVN9ebXJFkiMXTvzcb8ak/edit?usp=sharing* every sprint.\n*Opinion:* personally I hate this whole idea, but there isn't anything we can do; it's a waste of time for an unclear reason (I don't know who would be reading this, and if it's for AI cointext building this can be done without a separate file).\n\n*Solution:* we automate the whole setup. We have the following things to fill out:\n1. KPI movement based on our north star KPIs: @U087178ACSD could you work with your team to get this automatically (I am assuming this is part of the 2026 P0 work) \n2. What was delivered in the last sprint: it's a list of deliverables, I am assuming on an Epic level + small improvements done within the sprint: @U027201FQSV - can you lead this to support @U8F7ZDAPM @U01BT6RE4JG @U08E2S3V5D1 to automate the capture from the sprints? \n3. Key Learnings since last sprint: Hm, this one is a bit tricky, as it's unclear as to what can be a learning (virtually anything). Suggestion: once the automation for the sprint deliverables is done, we simply create an automation via my PM-OS that runs through existing context to create an update from our discussions and updates. This one I feel is trickier.\n4. Planned for Next Sprint: @U027201FQSV - same process here just for future sprint. \n5. Video :eye-roll: : No ideas here. \n",
      "raw_text": ":wave: hey folks, please see the update that I pinged you about.\n\n*tl;dr:* we're asked to follow the *<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rmoBu68La_UdWDzb_ioa3bM2kgfR_c_Bf4AHEplsEEA/edit?usp=sharing|sprint reporting>*, basically to fill out *<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TFvUQFbFKG4k5Y819UqVpxIVN9ebXJFkiMXTvzcb8ak/edit?usp=sharing|this>* every sprint.\n*Opinion:* personally I hate this whole idea, but there isn't anything we can do; it's a waste of time for an unclear reason (I don't know who would be reading this, and if it's for AI cointext building this can be done without a separate file).\n\n*Solution:* we automate the whole setup. We have the following things to fill out:\n1. KPI movement based on our north star KPIs: <@U087178ACSD> could you work with your team to get this automatically (I am assuming this is part of the 2026 P0 work) \n2. What was delivered in the last sprint: it's a list of deliverables, I am assuming on an Epic level + small improvements done within the sprint: <@U027201FQSV> - can you lead this to support <@U8F7ZDAPM> <@U01BT6RE4JG> <@U08E2S3V5D1> to automate the capture from the sprints? \n3. Key Learnings since last sprint: Hm, this one is a bit tricky, as it's unclear as to what can be a learning (virtually anything). Suggestion: once the automation for the sprint deliverables is done, we simply create an automation via my PM-OS that runs through existing context to create an update from our discussions and updates. This one I feel is trickier.\n4. Planned for Next Sprint: <@U027201FQSV> - same process here just for future sprint. \n5. Video :eye-roll: : No ideas here. \n",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W50",
      "tags": [
        "high_engagement",
        "action",
        "discussion",
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 100,
      "reply_count": 22,
      "reactions": [
        {
          "name": "+1",
          "users": [
            "U027201FQSV"
          ],
          "count": 1
        }
      ],
      "thread_ts": "1765368418.388899",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1765371699.610309",
          "user": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "user_name": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "text": "Agreed that its a bit combursome to fill this out every 2 weeks but if we can automate it should remove some of the effort.\n\nFor point 3 might be harder to automate but we can ask Miro AI to summarize take-aways from squad retros, as I believe most squads should be using Miro\n\nFor point 5 video, is was mentioned in the meeting that most tribes will have internal demos and can just attach a recording. The other option is we try to pull any videos that are attached to PRs or tickets after completion or merge"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372368.255389",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "Yes, I will help to automate with 2 and 4 :+1:"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372460.070769",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "For point 3: We can automate this through Gemini notes for Retros. AI Agent would take those notes and create a summary of learnings. We should apply some guards there to not expose names for example."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372573.540579",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "I don't use Miro or Sprints. lol"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372632.823299",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "Do you use Kanban? @U01BT6RE4JG"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372637.474309",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "Also, no retros :shrug::skin-tone-2:"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372661.646639",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "@U027201FQSV yes but even that is overkill atm"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765372843.835119",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "We should just move to waterfall model!"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765373243.637969",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "For point three we can extract from a meeting recording/notes actually. That should be pretty good IMO"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765373275.009109",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Ah, didn't see the proposal from Alex"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765377968.774359",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "@U027201FQSV check the .md plan that I'm proposing. Generally we can have this as a standalone tool that we trigger through some cron/actions. My only question was - should we automate so far as to directly edit the proposed sheet or should we just create our own sheets in the same format and copyspace it."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765382447.754729",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "@U03TY4YJU4X where can I find the .md file?"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765383624.395839",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "https://hellofresh.slack.com/archives/C06CT0185T3/p1765368436946479"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765504451.983119",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "@U027201FQSV I think I got to a good state here. Can you check and see what you would want to improve?"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765527905.807039",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "Hi @U03TY4YJU4X! Cool! I will take a look :eyes:"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766067620.368249",
          "user": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "user_name": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "text": "Sorry team I was on leave and missed a lot of this. I would think that an approach worth considering is to use the automation in Jira when a sprint is completed, it will generate a webhook or an automation (or both). Pulling data can be challenging if a team complete a sprint later the expected, especially with the different time zones."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766067854.110599",
          "user": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "user_name": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "text": "If it's Kanban the we can track Jira releases that clear the done column rather than checking the last 14 days.  Teams do this. a little different that may throw off the script, this will cause more prescriptive ways to start and complete sprint. We should drive policy based on scripting needs."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766075124.993639",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "ooh that would be nice! But wouldn't the webhook be based on the action? so TZ doesn't really matter?"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766075166.801109",
          "user": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "user_name": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "text": "Yes exactly, where as running the script manually timezone matters"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766075229.685549",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "that's true! I mean if I run it it would be a day later anyway; but point taken"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766075390.494559",
          "user": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "user_name": "U08E2S3V5D1",
          "text": "But then you take the last 14 days of kanban, based on which date? Created, last activity, completed, won't -fix, etc. It's much simplex to let the team decide the grouping. Also, when ever you run the script it's time based, so what if you're not there and you have to run it two days later, or 3, etc. This is why event driven is all the rage"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766075443.655249",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "But with aligned sprint dates across the company it should be straightforward no?"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1765368452.031259",
      "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "text": "OT: @UEZ4PRFKM @U01BT6RE4JG - whats the MIO jira project name?",
      "raw_text": "OT: <@UEZ4PRFKM> <@U01BT6RE4JG> - whats the MIO jira project name?",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W50",
      "tags": [
        "discussion",
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 86,
      "reply_count": 8,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1765368452.031259",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1765370972.831129",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "MIO Market Innovation and Optimization— soon to drop the optimization part to match squad name "
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765371186.604429",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Hm, can you send the jira link?"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765371510.238709",
          "user": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "user_name": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "text": "should be https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/MIO/boards/8541"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765384087.570869",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "that's why: The space might have been deleted or you don't have permission."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765384412.981029",
          "user": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "user_name": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "text": "yea its private by default - @U01BT6RE4JG might have to add you"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765385709.950229",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "added you @U03TY4YJU4X - please retry"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765386073.952989",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "nice! I see it, thank you!"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766180526.479729",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "Hey guys, please add me as well to https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/MIO/boards/8541"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1765453562.578709",
      "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "text": "hey folks our stuff for tpt, goc, vms etc. are all in the /web repo, correct?",
      "raw_text": "hey folks our stuff for tpt, goc, vms etc. are all in the /web repo, correct?",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W50",
      "tags": [
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 63,
      "reply_count": 4,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1765453562.578709",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1765453778.724909",
          "user": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "user_name": "UEZ4PRFKM",
          "text": "Yes for the most part but VMS might have some code in the https://github.com/hellofresh/shared-mobile-modules/tree/master repo to account for its entry points and redirect VMS-only customers back to web on the Factor app"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1765501929.268799",
      "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "text": "@channel for the AHM we're asked to present a consolidated view on the 2025 year past :slightly_smiling_face: for this I want to solicit candidates for the following content:\n• Biggest win\n• Biggest learning\n• One unexpected moment\n*Deadline:* please submit your candidates by 14:00 tomorrow (unfortunately this is a bit time sensitive)\n*Note:* only *one* of each will be highlighted (so one win, learning and moment)",
      "raw_text": "<!channel> for the AHM we're asked to present a consolidated view on the 2025 year past :slightly_smiling_face: for this I want to solicit candidates for the following content:\n• Biggest win\n• Biggest learning\n• One unexpected moment\n*Deadline:* please submit your candidates by 14:00 tomorrow (unfortunately this is a bit time sensitive)\n*Note:* only *one* of each will be highlighted (so one win, learning and moment)",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W50",
      "tags": [
        "high_engagement",
        "deadline",
        "action",
        "discussion"
      ],
      "importance": 100,
      "reply_count": 15,
      "reactions": [
        {
          "name": "thinking_face",
          "users": [
            "U01BT6RE4JG"
          ],
          "count": 1
        },
        {
          "name": "blob_sleepless",
          "users": [
            "U03UMPD2NNS"
          ],
          "count": 1
        }
      ],
      "thread_ts": "1765501929.268799",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1765529866.680419",
          "user": "U03UMPD2NNS",
          "user_name": "U03UMPD2NNS",
          "text": "For now 1 win from my side:\n• Biggest win: Completing our 1st Tech OKR in the first 2 weeks of the year (25% gross CVR improvement after launching Free Items in the order summary) "
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765539545.644959",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "• Biggest win\n    ◦ :robot_face: *Made AI a team sport in 2025:* embedded an end-to-end workflow across Product, Design, and Engineering _—_ moving from ad-hoc prompting to a repeatable workflow that scales.\n• Biggest learning\n    ◦ :wallet: *Wallet Migration:* Migrating to scaleable technical architecture like Wallet supposed to speed up innovation, instead it costs us ~30% of eng capacity this year just to fit Good Chop unique requirements and customer behavior.\n• One unexpected moment\n    ◦ :cut_of_meat: *Showing and choosing free cut on reactivation:* One of the biggest impact this year comes from a simple change to show and let customer choose free add-on in the reactivation page. It allows marketing to push more aggressive campaigns and nearly double CR YoY."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765545795.350409",
          "user": "U03UMPD2NNS",
          "user_name": "U03UMPD2NNS",
          "text": "Once unexpected moment: Just last year, 5 people were contributing to The Pets Table code. In Q4 we got to *14* (Contractors included) :crazy_blob:"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765547862.208339",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Nice folks, keep it coming :slightly_smiling_face: I think I am seeing a pattern here - I can consolidate free cuts on reactivation/welcome kits etc. into one major win, AI as a learning (maybe I am trying to just avoid mentioning Wallet) and moment... but yeah success in team scaling is one... but maybe there are some intersting things also on VMS :slightly_smiling_face:"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765562833.123979",
          "user": "U02CRDYF2NL",
          "user_name": "U02CRDYF2NL",
          "text": "Biggest win\n• :christmas_tree: *Christmas box launch for AU, NZ and CA:* Launched a special limited-time Christmas experience across AU and NZ that lets customers order a festive one-time box — no subscription required. This opens a new seasonal revenue stream, an acquisition channel for new customers and a re-engagement path for former or inactive customers.\nWill think through if there is something I can add for learning and unexpected moment. :+1::skin-tone-2:"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765610071.680629",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "I've decided to compile a couple of topics together so that we have a solid representation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OIhPYjr_T5CvaIGz30QJ8PE-Aoj0Bsf3SeJnMYl2WnM/edit?usp=sharing\n\nI will be pinging some for data, but generally should be good."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765810584.741189",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Content generally added here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OIhPYjr_T5CvaIGz30QJ8PE-Aoj0Bsf3SeJnMYl2WnM/edit?usp=sharing now let's fill out as much as we can and the numbers (@U01AKGWGLC8) screenshots (@U03UMPD2NNS @U01AKGWGLC8 @U08AXBW1CAZ) and the content (@UE4HG114J @UEZ4PRFKM on slide 3 esp)\n\nI'll be monitoring how the rest of the presentation is shaping up and adjust content as wneeded"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765826755.585609",
          "user": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "user_name": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "text": "@U03TY4YJU4X I added some corrections on the slide; not sure why Reactivations is bundled with Welcome gifts - we only did this in the funnel"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765826801.284939",
          "user": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "user_name": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "text": "In terms of general Reactivations we do see a YoY increase but no pre-post has been done (sample too low + coincides with big marketing campaigns push). We can't definitively attribute the entire increase to Product changes only"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765827710.214399",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Wait, now I am confused a bit @U027201FQSV what did you mean with you suggestion? :-)"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765827981.671689",
          "user": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "user_name": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "text": "&gt; *Showing and choosing free cut on reactivation:* One of the biggest impact this year comes from a simple change to show and let customer choose free add-on in the reactivation page. It allows marketing to push more aggressive campaigns and nearly double CR YoY.\nfree cuts"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765828052.228079",
          "user": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "user_name": "U01AKGWGLC8",
          "text": "but I would not say the increase in gross RR is not attributable to that; there are many changes we did including a bug fix and strong marketing push"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1765893870.108849",
          "user": "UE4HG114J",
          "user_name": "UE4HG114J",
          "text": "I put a couple of comments on the \"Limits of HF SKU\" slide"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1765887336.216619",
      "user": "U03UMPD2NNS",
      "user_name": "U03UMPD2NNS",
      "text": "Hey,\nfolks based in Berlin, could you please check if all people from your teams are added to the New Year's Dinner Invite? :thank_you:",
      "raw_text": "Hey,\nfolks based in Berlin, could you please check if all people from your teams are added to the New Year's Dinner Invite? :thank_you:",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W51",
      "tags": [
        "action",
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 72,
      "reply_count": 1,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1765887336.216619",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1765887383.299559",
          "user": "U03UMPD2NNS",
          "user_name": "U03UMPD2NNS",
          "text": "@U01AKGWGLC8 @U027201FQSV - could you let Bolo, Areeba and Richa know and ask if they want to join as well? :slightly_smiling_face:"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1766176255.478159",
      "user": "U027201FQSV",
      "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
      "text": "Hey Nikita, for the Sprint Reports how would we measure KPI movement if we do this manually? Where would you take the data from and how to assess the movement?",
      "raw_text": "Hey Nikita, for the Sprint Reports how would we measure KPI movement if we do this manually? Where would you take the data from and how to assess the movement?",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W51",
      "tags": [
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 61,
      "reply_count": 3,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1766176255.478159",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1766176712.151579",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Well, net revenue and factor penetration we have in Tableau p0 metrics dash. So the movement would be available as well WoW."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766176892.272039",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "Where do we have squad &lt;&gt; KPI mapping?"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766183876.168959",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BQ2mls9gsrGXGxKLQDAHIQRETimL749zLhPC2A6g2k8/edit?usp=sharing - GoC/TPT - Net Rev; VMS - Factor penetration, MIO - confirmed orders"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1766632524.846039",
      "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "text": "~hey folks who is on call this and next week? We have a slight issue on GoC.~",
      "raw_text": "~hey folks who is on call this and next week? We have a slight issue on GoC.~",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W52",
      "tags": [
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 61,
      "reply_count": 3,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1766632524.846039",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1766703021.481289",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "This is the on call sheet https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fdCqOKFMIJSQfXVfQmQaG1MiLU5BRDymsgmsNOlvKWc/edit?gid=1109514217#gid=1109514217"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766703296.688189",
          "user": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "user_name": "U01BT6RE4JG",
          "text": "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yfOB_eg7lZIVGFY6-DrMweT2a9z-7DnAHgwM_XW7Ix0/edit?usp=drivesdk"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1766718399.420119",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Thanks Wander! Turned out to be a false alarm (VPN-related) but good to have that either way for me. :ty:"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1767018197.126129",
      "user": "U027201FQSV",
      "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
      "text": "Hi @U03TY4YJU4X\n\nAt the moment we start our sprints on Tuesdays and have Sprint Planing and Sprint Retro on Tuesday when we are all in the office.\n\nIt would be good to maintain the same schedule. Would it be fine with Consumer Mega Alliance to start our next Sprint on Jan 6th (Tuesday) and not on Jan 5th (Monday)?",
      "raw_text": "Hi <@U03TY4YJU4X>\n\nAt the moment we start our sprints on Tuesdays and have Sprint Planing and Sprint Retro on Tuesday when we are all in the office.\n\nIt would be good to maintain the same schedule. Would it be fine with Consumer Mega Alliance to start our next Sprint on Jan 6th (Tuesday) and not on Jan 5th (Monday)?",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W01",
      "tags": [
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 67,
      "reply_count": 1,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1767018197.126129",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1767018263.587999",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "Hey Alex, I don't think we have that much choice in the matter unfortunately; right now the guidance is that we start the next sprint _across the whole company_ on *Jan 5*."
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1767018310.773189",
      "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
      "text": "@U087178ACSD - JFYI addedd a ticket for the Q1 calculations: https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/browse/PA-25652\n\n@U01AKGWGLC8 @U09UKDH3AA0 @U03UMPD2NNS @U09D8BZ9891 - please see of we already have some of the values as well.",
      "raw_text": "<@U087178ACSD> - JFYI addedd a ticket for the Q1 calculations: <https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/browse/PA-25652>\n\n<@U01AKGWGLC8> <@U09UKDH3AA0> <@U03UMPD2NNS> <@U09D8BZ9891> - please see of we already have some of the values as well.",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W01",
      "tags": [
        "action",
        "discussion"
      ],
      "importance": 100,
      "reply_count": 7,
      "reactions": [
        {
          "name": "eyes",
          "users": [
            "U09D8BZ9891"
          ],
          "count": 1
        }
      ],
      "thread_ts": "1767018310.773189",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1767021238.795939",
          "user": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "user_name": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "text": "For VMS, the Factor penetration baseline is hovering around 0.32%\nhttps://tableau.hellofresh.io/#/views/VMSLaunchMetrics/VMSFactorPenetration?:iid=2 the dashboard for more details"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767021329.433099",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "@U09D8BZ9891 - what would be your ambition level for Q1"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767021403.131419",
          "user": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "user_name": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "text": "I wanted to discuss that with you in our 1:1 actually. This OKR might not change by the end of Q1 because it depends on the mobile app launch which is more likely to happen in Q2"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767021472.994079",
          "user": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "user_name": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "text": "in Jan, we'll introduce 2 new physical  products and run an iteration for OTP, so mobile app development will start in Feb"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767023428.321669",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "hm, I am looking at the roadmap atm; and I think we should still have some space for some quick wins, no? Which means we can think of creative ways of actually building banners/entry points within existing areas within Factors towards FF, wdyt?"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767027303.960299",
          "user": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "user_name": "U09D8BZ9891",
          "text": "Let me give it more thought to come up with some quick win opportunities"
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "ts": "1767102563.907669",
      "user": "U027201FQSV",
      "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
      "text": "Hey team, has anyone from New Ventures already explored/integrated Price Sets for Price Experimentation and could share learnings?\n\nFor context: Good Chop wants to experiment with pricing without duplicating product families.",
      "raw_text": "Hey team, has anyone from New Ventures already explored/integrated Price Sets for Price Experimentation and could share learnings?\n\nFor context: Good Chop wants to experiment with pricing without duplicating product families.",
      "channel_id": "C06CT0185T3",
      "channel_name": "tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal",
      "week": "2025-W01",
      "tags": [
        "discussion",
        "question"
      ],
      "importance": 94,
      "reply_count": 7,
      "reactions": [],
      "thread_ts": "1767102563.907669",
      "thread_replies": [
        {
          "ts": "1767104258.341659",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "@U027201FQSV check in a DM with Mori and @U8F7ZDAPM BUT,as I think you guys have 1 product family you actually should be able to run those out of the box more or less."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767104302.521309",
          "user": "U8F7ZDAPM",
          "user_name": "U8F7ZDAPM",
          "text": "GoC does have multiple product families due to trial boxes (and maybe preset boxes?)"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767104367.566289",
          "user": "U8F7ZDAPM",
          "user_name": "U8F7ZDAPM",
          "text": "@U027201FQSV we haven't used it yet but are planning to start in Feb, there's still some BE work required to allow setting up price tests for brands that have multiple product families. Right now the system only support 1 product family"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767104757.740409",
          "user": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "user_name": "U03TY4YJU4X",
          "text": "We don't have preset boxes anymore, as for TB, right now TB is just for RAF; so it's OK if we exclude it from the experiment/those customers don't get allocated to the test. Everything else I think is on 1 product family."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767105135.738359",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "@U8F7ZDAPM when you are saying the system doesn't allow to set Price Sets for brands with multiple product families, do you mean that we can't create price sets for just one product family from our list?\n\nFor context: We would choose just classic-box product family for the experiment and ignore all other (trial box, OTP)."
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767105180.602909",
          "user": "U8F7ZDAPM",
          "user_name": "U8F7ZDAPM",
          "text": "Ahh if it's only 1 product family then i think it should work"
        },
        {
          "ts": "1767106331.048819",
          "user": "U027201FQSV",
          "user_name": "U027201FQSV",
          "text": "Thank you :hugging_face:"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}