{
  "batch_id": "one_on_one_001",
  "doc_type": "one_on_one",
  "documents": [
    {
      "title": "Beatrice <> Nikita Weekly 1:1 Notes",
      "doc_id": "1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "﻿Weekly notes\n\nDec 9, 2025\n\n* should a C@C paid box ever have a status of cancelled in OWL\n\n* Spur - use case: agent for competitive analysis flows\n\n   * Received approval from Finance as a supplier\n\n   * Dec 4, 2025\n\n* PA interview process to be started\n\nDec 2, 2025\n\n* GoC H1 2026 Product Prioritization - WIP\n\nOct 23, 2025\n\n* Potentially Alison Ryan -- focus Shopify\n\n* Payments C@C \n\n* How do we compensate for tactical-bias \n\nOct 16, 2025\n\n* 2026 OKRs and YP?\n\n   * Shopify still on the table\n\n* Actives DIY for OTP\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 18, 2025 | GoC: 2026 OKRs \n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Jama Musse Beatrice Dimarucut Deo Nathaniel\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* First build Q1 KRs and from that make the initiatives \n\n* Customer-centric, smaller KRs which are not only business-focused\n\n* How to connect our KRs with business OKRs (CVR, AOR → not customer metrics). Tying customer benefit into business value\n\n* 3 KRs for Good Chop → could be some variations QoQ\n\n* Should be framed in customer benefits\n\n* Start from customer problem into business metrics\n\n* Deadline: Next Wed\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 17, 2025\n\n* Ranking experimentation capability for logged-out users \n\n* Charge at checkout\n\n   * Our checkout layout using UPM; we’d need to define what parameters to send \n\n   * Migrating to UPL (“project lego”) - component-driven payment layout. UPM is still BE service. Would require building non-supported use cases (e.g. TB, cadences)\n\n   * Ahmed doing investigation what’s cheaper; needs support from Alex.\n\nSep 3, 2025\n\n* Payments AR\n\n   * Sebastian involved\n\n   * Stripe - nobody using them - more expensive. Payment platform allows you to plug in to your page to process payments. Provides everything Adyen provides.\n\n\n\n\n\nAug 28, 2025\n\n* Ecommerce experience - potential alternative to explore vs. Shopify could be that we create separate menu where all SKUs are add ons which already enable item-based pricing. Question on whether this is more or less effort to integrate the orders from Shopify with our ops systems\n\n* Legal checkbox\n\n   * TPT approval of for only California\n\n   * TPT doing it based on zip code, not State (since zip code is source of truth)\n\n   * 3 SPs \n\n\n\n\n\nAug 14, 2025\n\n* PDP plan review Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 <> Nikita;\n\n   * What are the gaps we need to fill for a path to promotion?\n\nAug 1, 2025\n\n* Creating pitch influencer marketplace mid-aug \n\n\n\n\n\nJul 18, 2025\n\n* Cancellation changes\n\n   * If we must follow HF changes (?) then let’s just let them do it?\n\n* 2WM timing\n\n   * Deadline for wireframes and smoke test set up → late July / mid-August\n\n      * Want to get it on the books for Q4\n\n      * Speak to David \n\n   * More interest in occasion boxes\n\n   * Want to keep 2WM work separate \n\n   * George has an idea on selling 3rd party boxes within HF → intersection with 2WM. Want to separate the domains more.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 10, 2025\n\n* 2WM\n\n   * Prices should be comparatively similar\n\n   * Pricing model\n\n      * Similar to Wayfair - base price provided by 3rd party supplier \n\n      * They’re keeping inventory - they still own the items and logistics\n\n      * We are just charging a margin on top to our customers\n\n   * For SteerCo - need wireframes \n\n      * Could talk to David about it or do it myself / Stitch AI\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 1, 2025 \n\n* 2-way marketplace: Secondary question on whether we hold inventory ourselves or not\n\n* Main question is what is the assortment we would think is complementary to mealkits and our customer base. Main goal - reduce the trips our customer has to do to the store \n\n* Comp\n\n   * Prep would start in September/October. Handed in Oc\n\n\n\nreement from Yury to retain credits for customers\n\n* Open topics\n\n   * Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher? \n\n\n\n\n\nMar 7, 2025\n\n* Consider Wunderkind in Design\n\n* Wunderkind deprecation?\n\n* Jay and Eric\n\n   * Nikita to check in with Daniel\n\nFeb 27, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Filtering / Sorting / Search research approach\n\n   * Parallelize Design & Attributes research\n\n* 2025 cumulative OKRs\n\n   * Start listing out impact \n\n* TAM Expansion 2025 PA Requirements Gathering → break out for PA where support is needed in Q1 & Q2\n\n* NV Decoupling\n\n   * Reach out to Daniel Arias on resourcing \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 21, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Career Pathing plan\n\n   * Filtering research method → preferable as interview but fine if not possible\n\n   * Monetization strategies; led by Evan\n\n      * Subscription-first\n\n      * MOV\n\n      * Marketplace play (more e-commerce, HF as online retailer) → testing more\n\n      * HF mixed\n\n   * Can co-validate some hypotheses with them\n\n   * Big concern from Evan is no strong BC; WBD want for throughout March to April\n\n   * OTP\n\n      * Deliveries API - allows us to have multiple cadences in a more structured way + enabling endless pause by setting cadence to 0. To be used for X-selling\n\n      * X-selling will also do OTP + sub for → August \n\n      * Note to Abdel / Adam - documentation for OTP\n\n* Seamless\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Nikita to make introduction to IXI team on monetization strategies shadowing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 6, 2025\n\nReferrals / credits\n\n* For business decision to just remove all credits from FY/L customers\n\n   * Legal check\n\n   * check on ext communication\"\n\n* Cancelled customers probably assume their credits got lost\n\n* Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher?\n\n* What solution does Payments have to block/disable the HelloCredits?\"\n\n* What does CC do in these cases for a FL/Y customer not being able to access their credits",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-09-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-09",
      "doc_type": "one_on_one",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "goc",
        "tpt",
        "otp",
        "occasion boxes",
        "occasion box"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "deo",
        "beatrice",
        "ahmed",
        "alex",
        "daniel",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 13
    },
    {
      "title": "Beatrice <> Nikita Weekly 1:1 Notes",
      "doc_id": "1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "﻿Weekly notes\n\nDec 9, 2025\n\n* should a C@C paid box ever have a status of cancelled in OWL\n\n* Spur - use case: agent for competitive analysis flows\n\n   * Received approval from Finance as a supplier\n\n   * Dec 4, 2025\n\n* PA interview process to be started\n\nDec 2, 2025\n\n* GoC H1 2026 Product Prioritization - WIP\n\nOct 23, 2025\n\n* Potentially Alison Ryan -- focus Shopify\n\n* Payments C@C \n\n* How do we compensate for tactical-bias \n\nOct 16, 2025\n\n* 2026 OKRs and YP?\n\n   * Shopify still on the table\n\n* Actives DIY for OTP\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 18, 2025 | GoC: 2026 OKRs \n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Jama Musse Beatrice Dimarucut Deo Nathaniel\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* First build Q1 KRs and from that make the initiatives \n\n* Customer-centric, smaller KRs which are not only business-focused\n\n* How to connect our KRs with business OKRs (CVR, AOR → not customer metrics). Tying customer benefit into business value\n\n* 3 KRs for Good Chop → could be some variations QoQ\n\n* Should be framed in customer benefits\n\n* Start from customer problem into business metrics\n\n* Deadline: Next Wed\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 17, 2025\n\n* Ranking experimentation capability for logged-out users \n\n* Charge at checkout\n\n   * Our checkout layout using UPM; we’d need to define what parameters to send \n\n   * Migrating to UPL (“project lego”) - component-driven payment layout. UPM is still BE service. Would require building non-supported use cases (e.g. TB, cadences)\n\n   * Ahmed doing investigation what’s cheaper; needs support from Alex.\n\nSep 3, 2025\n\n* Payments AR\n\n   * Sebastian involved\n\n   * Stripe - nobody using them - more expensive. Payment platform allows you to plug in to your page to process payments. Provides everything Adyen provides.\n\n\n\n\n\nAug 28, 2025\n\n* Ecommerce experience - potential alternative to explore vs. Shopify could be that we create separate menu where all SKUs are add ons which already enable item-based pricing. Question on whether this is more or less effort to integrate the orders from Shopify with our ops systems\n\n* Legal checkbox\n\n   * TPT approval of for only California\n\n   * TPT doing it based on zip code, not State (since zip code is source of truth)\n\n   * 3 SPs \n\n\n\n\n\nAug 14, 2025\n\n* PDP plan review Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 <> Nikita;\n\n   * What are the gaps we need to fill for a path to promotion?\n\nAug 1, 2025\n\n* Creating pitch influencer marketplace mid-aug \n\n\n\n\n\nJul 18, 2025\n\n* Cancellation changes\n\n   * If we must follow HF changes (?) then let’s just let them do it?\n\n* 2WM timing\n\n   * Deadline for wireframes and smoke test set up → late July / mid-August\n\n      * Want to get it on the books for Q4\n\n      * Speak to David \n\n   * More interest in occasion boxes\n\n   * Want to keep 2WM work separate \n\n   * George has an idea on selling 3rd party boxes within HF → intersection with 2WM. Want to separate the domains more.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 10, 2025\n\n* 2WM\n\n   * Prices should be comparatively similar\n\n   * Pricing model\n\n      * Similar to Wayfair - base price provided by 3rd party supplier \n\n      * They’re keeping inventory - they still own the items and logistics\n\n      * We are just charging a margin on top to our customers\n\n   * For SteerCo - need wireframes \n\n      * Could talk to David about it or do it myself / Stitch AI\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 1, 2025 \n\n* 2-way marketplace: Secondary question on whether we hold inventory ourselves or not\n\n* Main question is what is the assortment we would think is complementary to mealkits and our customer base. Main goal - reduce the trips our customer has to do to the store \n\n* Comp\n\n   * Prep would start in September/October. Handed in Oc\n\n\n\nreement from Yury to retain credits for customers\n\n* Open topics\n\n   * Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher? \n\n\n\n\n\nMar 7, 2025\n\n* Consider Wunderkind in Design\n\n* Wunderkind deprecation?\n\n* Jay and Eric\n\n   * Nikita to check in with Daniel\n\nFeb 27, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Filtering / Sorting / Search research approach\n\n   * Parallelize Design & Attributes research\n\n* 2025 cumulative OKRs\n\n   * Start listing out impact \n\n* TAM Expansion 2025 PA Requirements Gathering → break out for PA where support is needed in Q1 & Q2\n\n* NV Decoupling\n\n   * Reach out to Daniel Arias on resourcing \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 21, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Career Pathing plan\n\n   * Filtering research method → preferable as interview but fine if not possible\n\n   * Monetization strategies; led by Evan\n\n      * Subscription-first\n\n      * MOV\n\n      * Marketplace play (more e-commerce, HF as online retailer) → testing more\n\n      * HF mixed\n\n   * Can co-validate some hypotheses with them\n\n   * Big concern from Evan is no strong BC; WBD want for throughout March to April\n\n   * OTP\n\n      * Deliveries API - allows us to have multiple cadences in a more structured way + enabling endless pause by setting cadence to 0. To be used for X-selling\n\n      * X-selling will also do OTP + sub for → August \n\n      * Note to Abdel / Adam - documentation for OTP\n\n* Seamless\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Nikita to make introduction to IXI team on monetization strategies shadowing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 6, 2025\n\nReferrals / credits\n\n* For business decision to just remove all credits from FY/L customers\n\n   * Legal check\n\n   * check on ext communication\"\n\n* Cancelled customers probably assume their credits got lost\n\n* Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher?\n\n* What solution does Payments have to block/disable the HelloCredits?\"\n\n* What does CC do in these cases for a FL/Y customer not being able to access their credits",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-09-02.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-09",
      "doc_type": "one_on_one",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "goc",
        "tpt",
        "otp",
        "occasion boxes",
        "occasion box"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "deo",
        "beatrice",
        "ahmed",
        "alex",
        "daniel",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 13
    },
    {
      "title": "Beatrice <> Nikita Weekly 1:1 Notes",
      "doc_id": "1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "﻿Weekly notes\n\nDec 11, 2025\n\n* With new infra of being able to reuse code between FE & BE, should still be able t\n\n* All BE stuff we should be able to reuse as well\n\nDec 9, 2025\n\n* should a C@C paid box ever have a status of cancelled in OWL\n\n* Spur - use case: agent for competitive analysis flows\n\n   * Received approval from Finance as a supplier\n\n   * Dec 4, 2025\n\n* PA interview process to be started\n\nDec 2, 2025\n\n* GoC H1 2026 Product Prioritization - WIP\n\nOct 23, 2025\n\n* Potentially Alison Ryan -- focus Shopify\n\n* Payments C@C \n\n* How do we compensate for tactical-bias \n\nOct 16, 2025\n\n* 2026 OKRs and YP?\n\n   * Shopify still on the table\n\n* Actives DIY for OTP\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 18, 2025 | GoC: 2026 OKRs \n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Jama Musse Beatrice Dimarucut Deo Nathaniel\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* First build Q1 KRs and from that make the initiatives \n\n* Customer-centric, smaller KRs which are not only business-focused\n\n* How to connect our KRs with business OKRs (CVR, AOR → not customer metrics). Tying customer benefit into business value\n\n* 3 KRs for Good Chop → could be some variations QoQ\n\n* Should be framed in customer benefits\n\n* Start from customer problem into business metrics\n\n* Deadline: Next Wed\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 17, 2025\n\n* Ranking experimentation capability for logged-out users \n\n* Charge at checkout\n\n   * Our checkout layout using UPM; we’d need to define what parameters to send \n\n   * Migrating to UPL (“project lego”) - component-driven payment layout. UPM is still BE service. Would require building non-supported use cases (e.g. TB, cadences)\n\n   * Ahmed doing investigation what’s cheaper; needs support from Alex.\n\nSep 3, 2025\n\n* Payments AR\n\n   * Sebastian involved\n\n   * Stripe - nobody using them - more expensive. Payment platform allows you to plug in to your page to process payments. Provides everything Adyen provides.\n\n\n\n\n\nAug 28, 2025\n\n* Ecommerce experience - potential alternative to explore vs. Shopify could be that we create separate menu where all SKUs are add ons which already enable item-based pricing. Question on whether this is more or less effort to integrate the orders from Shopify with our ops systems\n\n* Legal checkbox\n\n   * TPT approval of for only California\n\n   * TPT doing it based on zip code, not State (since zip code is source of truth)\n\n   * 3 SPs \n\n\n\n\n\nAug 14, 2025\n\n* PDP plan review Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 <> Nikita;\n\n   * What are the gaps we need to fill for a path to promotion?\n\nAug 1, 2025\n\n* Creating pitch influencer marketplace mid-aug \n\n\n\n\n\nJul 18, 2025\n\n* Cancellation changes\n\n   * If we must follow HF changes (?) then let’s just let them do it?\n\n* 2WM timing\n\n   * Deadline for wireframes and smoke test set up → late July / mid-August\n\n      * Want to get it on the books for Q4\n\n      * Speak to David \n\n   * More interest in occasion boxes\n\n   * Want to keep 2WM work separate \n\n   * George has an idea on selling 3rd party boxes within HF → intersection with 2WM. Want to separate the domains more.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 10, 2025\n\n* 2WM\n\n   * Prices should be comparatively similar\n\n   * Pricing model\n\n      * Similar to Wayfair - base price provided by 3rd party supplier \n\n      * They’re keeping inventory - they still own the items and logistics\n\n      * We are just charging a margin on top to our customers\n\n   * For SteerCo - need wireframes \n\n      * Could talk to David about it or do it myself / Stitch AI\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 1, 2025 \n\n* 2-way marketplace: Secondary question on whether we hold inventory ourselves or not\n\n* Main question is what is the assortment we would think is complementary to mealkits and\n\n\n\nreement from Yury to retain credits for customers\n\n* Open topics\n\n   * Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher? \n\n\n\n\n\nMar 7, 2025\n\n* Consider Wunderkind in Design\n\n* Wunderkind deprecation?\n\n* Jay and Eric\n\n   * Nikita to check in with Daniel\n\nFeb 27, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Filtering / Sorting / Search research approach\n\n   * Parallelize Design & Attributes research\n\n* 2025 cumulative OKRs\n\n   * Start listing out impact \n\n* TAM Expansion 2025 PA Requirements Gathering → break out for PA where support is needed in Q1 & Q2\n\n* NV Decoupling\n\n   * Reach out to Daniel Arias on resourcing \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 21, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Career Pathing plan\n\n   * Filtering research method → preferable as interview but fine if not possible\n\n   * Monetization strategies; led by Evan\n\n      * Subscription-first\n\n      * MOV\n\n      * Marketplace play (more e-commerce, HF as online retailer) → testing more\n\n      * HF mixed\n\n   * Can co-validate some hypotheses with them\n\n   * Big concern from Evan is no strong BC; WBD want for throughout March to April\n\n   * OTP\n\n      * Deliveries API - allows us to have multiple cadences in a more structured way + enabling endless pause by setting cadence to 0. To be used for X-selling\n\n      * X-selling will also do OTP + sub for → August \n\n      * Note to Abdel / Adam - documentation for OTP\n\n* Seamless\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Nikita to make introduction to IXI team on monetization strategies shadowing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 6, 2025\n\nReferrals / credits\n\n* For business decision to just remove all credits from FY/L customers\n\n   * Legal check\n\n   * check on ext communication\"\n\n* Cancelled customers probably assume their credits got lost\n\n* Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher?\n\n* What solution does Payments have to block/disable the HelloCredits?\"\n\n* What does CC do in these cases for a FL/Y customer not being able to access their credits\n\n\n============================================================\n## EMAIL CONTENTS\n============================================================\n\n----------------------------------------\n### EMAIL: Notes: “Beatrice:Nikita 1:1” Dec 11, 2025\nID: 19b0cb41d3d85ba1\nFrom: Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>\n----------------------------------------\n\nNotes from “Beatrice:Nikita 1:1”\n\n\n\nThese notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.\n\n\n\nOpen meeting notes\n\n\n\nThe content was auto-generated on December 11, 2025, 10:16 AM CET and may  \n\ncontain errors.\n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\n\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut and Nikita Gorshkov discussed HelloFresh's app-first  \n\napproach for new features like merchandising tiles on Ellesium, clarifying  \n\nthat code reuse between web and mobile requires features to be built in a  \n\nspecific way, although all backend logic should be reusable. The  \n\nparticipants addressed confusion around charge checkout issues and the  \n\ncancel/refund functionalities during the AL migration, noting that  \n\nperforming one action makes the other option unavailable. Nikita Gorshkov  \n\nsuggested looping in Shay or creating documentation to clarify the charge  \n\ncheckout flows for AL, which Beatrice Dimarucut agreed is necessary for  \n\ndocumenting expected AL behavior despite current workarounds with Bob.\n\n\n\n\n\nSuggested next steps\n\n\n\n\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut will ask about reusing the backend services for  \n\nHelloFresh.\n\n\n\nNikita Gorshkov will create a document to loop in Shay and detail what Al  \n\nis planning for charger checkout when it scales, given the confusion around  \n\ncurrent flows and issues.\n\n\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut will document all charge checkout issues, including the  \n\ndifference in refund options via Al (orders tab vs. error reporting) and  \n\nthe necessary sequence of steps for pre-cut off orders.\n\n\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut will conduct another live test and process it via Bob to  \n\nunderstand the correct sequence of steps for pre-cut off orders.\n\n\n\nNikita Gorshkov will send Beatrice Dimarucut the sheet documenting the flow  \n\nof order states, payment states, and Al actions.\n\n\n\n\n\nMeeting records Document Notes by Gemini\n\n\n\n\n\nIs the summary section in this email helpful?\n\nNot Useful Email Useful Email\n\n\n\n\n\nGoogle LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA\n\n\n\nYou have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  \n\nGoogle Meet.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n============================================================\nEND OF RAW DATA\n============================================================\n\nInstructions for Claude Code:\nSynthesize the above into AI_Guidance/Core_Context/YYYY-MM-DD-context.md\nIMPORTANT: STRICTLY IGNORE any content, meeting notes, decisions, or updates dated before 2025-06-14 (6 months ago).\nExtract: Key decisions, action items, blockers, metrics, important dates (only recent).\nFormat: NGO-style bullets, structured sections\n============================================================\n## JIRA UPDATES (-12h)\n============================================================\n\n[GOC-3214] [Dashboard] Create graduation component (Status: Selected for Development, Priority: Normal)\n[GOC-3215] [Dashboard] Graduation component logic (Status: Backlog, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25045] Update prospects-journeys model (Status: Backlog, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25587] MAC staging model schema change infer issue (Status: Done, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25046] Update mobile-steps-dashboard model (Status: Done, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25378] OTP impact on XBrand (Status: Done, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25472] Support W48-49 (Status: Done, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25529] setup foundations (Status: In Progress, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25542] SAR - IceKafee - Implement Timeliness Score (Status: In Review, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25263] SAR - Kakfa to S3 - Implement Timeliness Score (Status: In Review, Priority: Normal)",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-11-01.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-11",
      "doc_type": "one_on_one",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "goc",
        "tpt",
        "otp",
        "occasion boxes",
        "occasion box"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "deo",
        "beatrice",
        "ahmed",
        "alex",
        "daniel",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 13
    },
    {
      "title": "Beatrice <> Nikita Weekly 1:1 Notes",
      "doc_id": "1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K7O7Q8OeHf64BNoxoMoqrbpcvkwUas24oBJNPTwaqlM/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "﻿Weekly notes\n\nDec 19, 2025\n\n* First week of Jan PM opening\n\n* External candidates = CS5\n\n* Dec 11, 2025\n\n* With new infra of being able to reuse code between FE & BE, should still be able t\n\n* All BE stuff we should be able to reuse as well\n\nDec 9, 2025\n\n* should a C@C paid box ever have a status of cancelled in OWL\n\n* Spur - use case: agent for competitive analysis flows\n\n   * Received approval from Finance as a supplier\n\n   * Dec 4, 2025\n\n* PA interview process to be started\n\nDec 2, 2025\n\n* GoC H1 2026 Product Prioritization - WIP\n\nOct 23, 2025\n\n* Potentially Alison Ryan -- focus Shopify\n\n* Payments C@C \n\n* How do we compensate for tactical-bias \n\nOct 16, 2025\n\n* 2026 OKRs and YP?\n\n   * Shopify still on the table\n\n* Actives DIY for OTP\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 18, 2025 | GoC: 2026 OKRs \n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Jama Musse Beatrice Dimarucut Deo Nathaniel\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* First build Q1 KRs and from that make the initiatives \n\n* Customer-centric, smaller KRs which are not only business-focused\n\n* How to connect our KRs with business OKRs (CVR, AOR → not customer metrics). Tying customer benefit into business value\n\n* 3 KRs for Good Chop → could be some variations QoQ\n\n* Should be framed in customer benefits\n\n* Start from customer problem into business metrics\n\n* Deadline: Next Wed\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSep 17, 2025\n\n* Ranking experimentation capability for logged-out users \n\n* Charge at checkout\n\n   * Our checkout layout using UPM; we’d need to define what parameters to send \n\n   * Migrating to UPL (“project lego”) - component-driven payment layout. UPM is still BE service. Would require building non-supported use cases (e.g. TB, cadences)\n\n   * Ahmed doing investigation what’s cheaper; needs support from Alex.\n\nSep 3, 2025\n\n* Payments AR\n\n   * Sebastian involved\n\n   * Stripe - nobody using them - more expensive. Payment platform allows you to plug in to your page to process payments. Provides everything Adyen provides.\n\n\n\n\n\nAug 28, 2025\n\n* Ecommerce experience - potential alternative to explore vs. Shopify could be that we create separate menu where all SKUs are add ons which already enable item-based pricing. Question on whether this is more or less effort to integrate the orders from Shopify with our ops systems\n\n* Legal checkbox\n\n   * TPT approval of for only California\n\n   * TPT doing it based on zip code, not State (since zip code is source of truth)\n\n   * 3 SPs \n\n\n\n\n\nAug 14, 2025\n\n* PDP plan review Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 <> Nikita;\n\n   * What are the gaps we need to fill for a path to promotion?\n\nAug 1, 2025\n\n* Creating pitch influencer marketplace mid-aug \n\n\n\n\n\nJul 18, 2025\n\n* Cancellation changes\n\n   * If we must follow HF changes (?) then let’s just let them do it?\n\n* 2WM timing\n\n   * Deadline for wireframes and smoke test set up → late July / mid-August\n\n      * Want to get it on the books for Q4\n\n      * Speak to David \n\n   * More interest in occasion boxes\n\n   * Want to keep 2WM work separate \n\n   * George has an idea on selling 3rd party boxes within HF → intersection with 2WM. Want to separate the domains more.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 10, 2025\n\n* 2WM\n\n   * Prices should be comparatively similar\n\n   * Pricing model\n\n      * Similar to Wayfair - base price provided by 3rd party supplier \n\n      * They’re keeping inventory - they still own the items and logistics\n\n      * We are just charging a margin on top to our customers\n\n   * For SteerCo - need wireframes \n\n      * Could talk to David about it or do it myself / Stitch AI\n\n\n\n\n\nJul 1, 2025 \n\n* 2-way marketplace: Secondary question on whether we hold inventory ourselves or not\n\n* Main quest\n\n\n\nreement from Yury to retain credits for customers\n\n* Open topics\n\n   * Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher? \n\n\n\n\n\nMar 7, 2025\n\n* Consider Wunderkind in Design\n\n* Wunderkind deprecation?\n\n* Jay and Eric\n\n   * Nikita to check in with Daniel\n\nFeb 27, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Filtering / Sorting / Search research approach\n\n   * Parallelize Design & Attributes research\n\n* 2025 cumulative OKRs\n\n   * Start listing out impact \n\n* TAM Expansion 2025 PA Requirements Gathering → break out for PA where support is needed in Q1 & Q2\n\n* NV Decoupling\n\n   * Reach out to Daniel Arias on resourcing \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 21, 2025 | Team 1:1s: Beatrice:Nikita (S/D)\n\nAttendees: Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttached files: Beatrice: Personal Development Plan 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Career Pathing plan\n\n   * Filtering research method → preferable as interview but fine if not possible\n\n   * Monetization strategies; led by Evan\n\n      * Subscription-first\n\n      * MOV\n\n      * Marketplace play (more e-commerce, HF as online retailer) → testing more\n\n      * HF mixed\n\n   * Can co-validate some hypotheses with them\n\n   * Big concern from Evan is no strong BC; WBD want for throughout March to April\n\n   * OTP\n\n      * Deliveries API - allows us to have multiple cadences in a more structured way + enabling endless pause by setting cadence to 0. To be used for X-selling\n\n      * X-selling will also do OTP + sub for → August \n\n      * Note to Abdel / Adam - documentation for OTP\n\n* Seamless\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Nikita to make introduction to IXI team on monetization strategies shadowing\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 6, 2025\n\nReferrals / credits\n\n* For business decision to just remove all credits from FY/L customers\n\n   * Legal check\n\n   * check on ext communication\"\n\n* Cancelled customers probably assume their credits got lost\n\n* Is it easier to directly migrate to Cash Credits and for those with HelloCredits, and those with existing CC credits issued can be issued a voucher?\n\n* What solution does Payments have to block/disable the HelloCredits?\"\n\n* What does CC do in these cases for a FL/Y customer not being able to access their credits",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/INBOX_2025-12-19-01.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-19",
      "doc_type": "one_on_one",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "goc",
        "tpt",
        "otp",
        "occasion boxes",
        "occasion box"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "deo",
        "beatrice",
        "ahmed",
        "alex",
        "daniel",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 13
    }
  ],
  "doc_count": 4,
  "total_chars": 27882
}