{
  "batch_id": "meeting_083",
  "doc_type": "meeting",
  "documents": [
    {
      "title": "2026 Yearly Plan - Consumer Mega-Alliance (Final) - Q1",
      "doc_id": "1BQ2mls9gsrGXGxKLQDAHIQRETimL749zLhPC2A6g2k8",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BQ2mls9gsrGXGxKLQDAHIQRETimL749zLhPC2A6g2k8/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøFinal YP\n\n\n\n\n\nüí° Meeting Notes [To be filled after the Review Meeting by the YP Document Owner and sent out via email to attendees. This section does not impact the maximum number of pages]\n\nReview Meeting Date: Oct 16, 2025\n\nAttendees: Ed Boyes Assaf Ronen Dominik Richter Holger Hammel,Cho HwangAnnie MeininghausDina MehrezThomas GrieselFabien SimonMarlene RosnerBrian LeungAdriana VillarEvan WeintraubJama Musse\n\n\n\n\n\nKey Takeaways, Decisions, and Next Steps:\n\n1. Clarify how menu expansion plans, personalization roll outs  and app features come together: \n\n   * Elysium (new store and homepage in the app) roll out is fast followed by new app feature which benefits users  irrespective of menu ranking roll out (most notably merchandising widgets for marketing,  recommendation widgets,bringing search to apps, populating ‚Äúmost popular, ‚Äútrending‚Äù widgets - details)\n\n   * Menu ranking roll out: At the same time there is a roll out plan for menu ranking models which prioritizes P500 readiness in Q4/Q1 as well as Penguin for Factor US. Food Systems is trying to expedite Penguin for INTL if possible, prioritized after p500. Fall back is to launch Penguin Harp personalization to INTL markets expanding in Q1.  Other RTE markets in H2.\n\n2. Share prioritization framework  for Project 5M. The prioritization is heavily influenced by successful companies and features observed (direct or indirect competitors) as well as through an internal workshop. This revealed a consistent and significant behavioral gap: Users enthusiastically save recipes (often from social media) but rarely act on them. This indicates a high desire for inspiration but a significant friction point in execution. This led to the prioritization of the recipe bridge in Q4/Q1. If requested we can  walk through the detailed methodology.\n\n3. Decouple forecasting from personalization models. Food Systems to define technical interfaces enabling independent iteration. Once validated, assess org impact in Q1‚ÄìQ2.\n\n4. Reconcile marketing RAF plan with tech YP.  We have addressed the  gap between Marketing and Consumer growth targets. Share squad will focus on strengthening the Refer-a-Friend (RAF) program while building new in-product sharing loops to drive organic growth. prioritizing foundational fixes ‚Äî improving data visibility, customer experience, and operational agility ‚Äî to make the RAF program self-sufficient and easier to optimize without tech dependencies. \n\n5. Variable pricing is an urgently requested feature by markets. We added it  to the Market Innovation squad backlog H2. Will define long-term ownership before initiation as we are currently moving pricing ownership to growth MA. \n\n\n\n\n\nChanges requested to the Yearly Plan during Draft Reviews. Please update before submission for final YP approval:  \n\n* Should we invest into an AOV-focused squad? Yes we will self fund a new AOV driven squad in Q2 with a dedicated KPI. Focus in Q1  is first to roll out the new personalized core journey including widgets and then layer in more upselling components. \n\n* Loyalty strategy across markets: We decided to reserve a small team to  maintain and improve the existing  program while implementing  the new vendor based loyalty program to launch first in  the US . See Loyalty Strategy SMT Shareout.\n\n* Double check if all Factor requirements are in the plan: All documents were collected and integrated into the Market Innovation backlog. To be signed off by Ed Boyes\n\n\n\n\n\n\tI. Organizational Overview\n\nMission and Focus areas\n\nThe Consumer Mega Alliance vision is to create the best digital product exper\n\n\n\nrioritize P500 readiness in Q4/Q1 as well as Penguin for Factor US. Expand personalization to INTL markets (100‚Äì150 meals)  HF-UK, HF-CA, CP-CA (TBD), HF-ANZ, HF-BNL, HF-DKSE, HF-DEAT will follow Q1 / Q2. Other RTE markets in H2. Details in Ops Alliance YP.\n\n\tAnnie Meininghaus\n\n\tDecouple Forecasting from Personalization Models\n\n\tFood Systems to define technical interfaces enabling independent iteration. Once validated, assess org impact in Q1‚ÄìQ2. See Forecasting Domain Boundaries.\n\n\tHolger Hammel\n\n\tFactor Tech Requests Review\n\n\tJama and Annie aligned with Adam Park to merge the Factor backlog with the Market Innovation squad list. Requests are now integrated and can be selected during quarterly planning.\n\n\tJama Musse\n\n\tVariable Pricing\n\n\tAdded to the Market Innovation squad backlog. Deferred until Q3. Will define long-term ownership before initiation.\n\n\tJama Musse\n\n\tFactor Programs Transition Plan\n\n\tPause Programs on Factor funnel for peak since results are negative. Alison Ryanwill partner with Commercial and New Programs hire in NA to design a better ‚ÄúActive Experience‚Äù and 3rd-party partnerships. Aligned timeline is Q2.\n\n\tJama Musse\n\n\tProject 5M Prioritization (App Engagement)\n\n\tLisa Trueblood preparing a one-pager summarizing prioritization framework and decisions for follow-up discussion.\n\n\tEvan Weintraub\n\n\tLoyalty Strategy Across Markets\n\n\tDecided to reserve 20% of engineering IC capacity to maintain and improve the legacy program while evolving the new loyalty framework. See Loyalty Strategy SMT Shareout.\n\n\tEvan Weintraub\n\n\tReferral (RAF) Program Alignment\n\n\tAddress gap between Marketing and Consumer growth targets. Share‚Äù squad will focus on strengthening the Refer-a-Friend (RAF) program while building new in-product sharing loops to drive organic growth. prioritizing foundational fixes ‚Äî improving data visibility, customer experience, and operational agility ‚Äî to make the RAF program self-sufficient and easier to optimize without tech dependencies. Updated FAQ 11 \n\n\tEvan Weintraub\n\n\t\n\n\n\n[a]@holger.hammel@hellofresh.com @tushar.raina@hellofresh.com @Jama.Musse@hellofresh.ca \n\n@fernando.desouza@hellofresh.com \n\n\n\n\n\nFYI I stubbed out contents from Holger's sheet. Tushar from what you mentioned, some topics/ordering might be still pending further alignment correct?\n\n[b]@leo.lee@hellofresh.ca @fernando.desouza@hellofresh.com @jama.musse@hellofresh.ca FYI",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-09-04.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-09",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "market innovation"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "2026 Yearly Plan - Consumer Mega-Alliance (Final) - Q1",
      "doc_id": "1BQ2mls9gsrGXGxKLQDAHIQRETimL749zLhPC2A6g2k8",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BQ2mls9gsrGXGxKLQDAHIQRETimL749zLhPC2A6g2k8/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøFinal YP\n\n\n\n\n\nüí° Meeting Notes [To be filled after the Review Meeting by the YP Document Owner and sent out via email to attendees. This section does not impact the maximum number of pages]\n\nReview Meeting Date: Oct 16, 2025\n\nAttendees: Ed Boyes Assaf Ronen Dominik Richter Holger Hammel,Cho HwangAnnie MeininghausDina MehrezThomas GrieselFabien SimonMarlene RosnerBrian LeungAdriana VillarEvan WeintraubJama Musse\n\n\n\n\n\nKey Takeaways, Decisions, and Next Steps:\n\n1. Clarify how menu expansion plans, personalization roll outs  and app features come together: \n\n   * Elysium (new store and homepage in the app) roll out is fast followed by new app feature which benefits users  irrespective of menu ranking roll out (most notably merchandising widgets for marketing,  recommendation widgets,bringing search to apps, populating ‚Äúmost popular, ‚Äútrending‚Äù widgets - details)\n\n   * Menu ranking roll out: At the same time there is a roll out plan for menu ranking models which prioritizes P500 readiness in Q4/Q1 as well as Penguin for Factor US. Food Systems is trying to expedite Penguin for INTL if possible, prioritized after p500. Fall back is to launch Penguin Harp personalization to INTL markets expanding in Q1.  Other RTE markets in H2.\n\n2. Share prioritization framework  for Project 5M. The prioritization is heavily influenced by successful companies and features observed (direct or indirect competitors) as well as through an internal workshop. This revealed a consistent and significant behavioral gap: Users enthusiastically save recipes (often from social media) but rarely act on them. This indicates a high desire for inspiration but a significant friction point in execution. This led to the prioritization of the recipe bridge in Q4/Q1. If requested we can  walk through the detailed methodology.\n\n3. Decouple forecasting from personalization models. Food Systems to define technical interfaces enabling independent iteration. Once validated, assess org impact in Q1‚ÄìQ2.\n\n4. Reconcile marketing RAF plan with tech YP.  We have addressed the  gap between Marketing and Consumer growth targets. Share squad will focus on strengthening the Refer-a-Friend (RAF) program while building new in-product sharing loops to drive organic growth. prioritizing foundational fixes ‚Äî improving data visibility, customer experience, and operational agility ‚Äî to make the RAF program self-sufficient and easier to optimize without tech dependencies. \n\n5. Variable pricing is an urgently requested feature by markets. We added it  to the Market Innovation squad backlog H2. Will define long-term ownership before initiation as we are currently moving pricing ownership to growth MA. \n\n\n\n\n\nChanges requested to the Yearly Plan during Draft Reviews. Please update before submission for final YP approval:  \n\n* Should we invest into an AOV-focused squad? Yes we will self fund a new AOV driven squad in Q2 with a dedicated KPI. Focus in Q1  is first to roll out the new personalized core journey including widgets and then layer in more upselling components. \n\n* Loyalty strategy across markets: We decided to reserve a small team to  maintain and improve the existing  program while implementing  the new vendor based loyalty program to launch first in  the US . See Loyalty Strategy SMT Shareout.\n\n* Double check if all Factor requirements are in the plan: All documents were collected and integrated into the Market Innovation backlog. To be signed off by Ed Boyes\n\n\n\n\n\n\tI. Organizational Overview\n\nMission and Focus areas\n\nThe Consumer Mega Alliance vision is to create the best digital product exper\n\n\n\nrioritize P500 readiness in Q4/Q1 as well as Penguin for Factor US. Expand personalization to INTL markets (100‚Äì150 meals)  HF-UK, HF-CA, CP-CA (TBD), HF-ANZ, HF-BNL, HF-DKSE, HF-DEAT will follow Q1 / Q2. Other RTE markets in H2. Details in Ops Alliance YP.\n\n\tAnnie Meininghaus\n\n\tDecouple Forecasting from Personalization Models\n\n\tFood Systems to define technical interfaces enabling independent iteration. Once validated, assess org impact in Q1‚ÄìQ2. See Forecasting Domain Boundaries.\n\n\tHolger Hammel\n\n\tFactor Tech Requests Review\n\n\tJama and Annie aligned with Adam Park to merge the Factor backlog with the Market Innovation squad list. Requests are now integrated and can be selected during quarterly planning.\n\n\tJama Musse\n\n\tVariable Pricing\n\n\tAdded to the Market Innovation squad backlog. Deferred until Q3. Will define long-term ownership before initiation.\n\n\tJama Musse\n\n\tFactor Programs Transition Plan\n\n\tPause Programs on Factor funnel for peak since results are negative. Alison Ryanwill partner with Commercial and New Programs hire in NA to design a better ‚ÄúActive Experience‚Äù and 3rd-party partnerships. Aligned timeline is Q2.\n\n\tJama Musse\n\n\tProject 5M Prioritization (App Engagement)\n\n\tLisa Trueblood preparing a one-pager summarizing prioritization framework and decisions for follow-up discussion.\n\n\tEvan Weintraub\n\n\tLoyalty Strategy Across Markets\n\n\tDecided to reserve 20% of engineering IC capacity to maintain and improve the legacy program while evolving the new loyalty framework. See Loyalty Strategy SMT Shareout.\n\n\tEvan Weintraub\n\n\tReferral (RAF) Program Alignment\n\n\tAddress gap between Marketing and Consumer growth targets. Share‚Äù squad will focus on strengthening the Refer-a-Friend (RAF) program while building new in-product sharing loops to drive organic growth. prioritizing foundational fixes ‚Äî improving data visibility, customer experience, and operational agility ‚Äî to make the RAF program self-sufficient and easier to optimize without tech dependencies. Updated FAQ 11 \n\n\tEvan Weintraub\n\n\t\n\n\n\n[a]@holger.hammel@hellofresh.com @tushar.raina@hellofresh.com @Jama.Musse@hellofresh.ca \n\n@fernando.desouza@hellofresh.com \n\n\n\n\n\nFYI I stubbed out contents from Holger's sheet. Tushar from what you mentioned, some topics/ordering might be still pending further alignment correct?\n\n[b]@leo.lee@hellofresh.ca @fernando.desouza@hellofresh.com @jama.musse@hellofresh.ca FYI",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-10-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-10",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "market innovation"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "Notes - AI Bytes Assemble",
      "doc_id": "1sQcxFMBainqwvCWr7eHtf5_Jkiskht9XhkBzIhBRWX4",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sQcxFMBainqwvCWr7eHtf5_Jkiskht9XhkBzIhBRWX4/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøSyncs\n\nResources\n\n* AI-Native Product Development Handbook\n\nBacklog\n\n* Shipyard Concept Experiment PM + Eng + Design ‚Üí take an idea through to the outcome (overlaps with Ebrahim‚Äôs AI lab concept)\n\nDec 15, 2025\n\nAgenda\n\n* [Mario] Establishing a Golden Path for an AI-Native Product Development Lifecycle (PDLC) - Foundation for Q1 Planning\n\n* [AG] AI-First vs. AI-Augmented: Why Focus Wins\n\n* [ALL] How might we merge our view points to see eye to eye? What‚Äôs next?\n\nDecision Doc: Q1'2026 Planning Alignment Foundations + Consumer Foundations\n\n* [MK] I feel we are aligned on\n\n* Focus on the design-to-code part of the PDLC\n\n* Focus on well-defined use cases (ReactNative migration, anything else directly related to the meta backlog) vs. rolling out to all\n\nThat said, I need to understand the ReactNative use cases a bit better\n\nMain question for me right now: How to assess success (quantitatively)\n\n* Setting standards would require guidelines\n\n\n\n\n\nKey minutes & action items (besides Gemini)\n\n* [Sergei]RN x GenAI Session\n\nNov 20, 2025\n\nStatus Updates:\n\nAdam\n\nNikita\n\nPep\n\nEbrahim\n\nLacey\n\n* Releasing FreshChat integration in HelloDev today\n\n* Formal launch of AI Agent Platform tomorrow\n\n* Pricilla\n\nBrian\n\nShereif\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOct 27, 2025\n\nAgenda\n\n* [Sherief] How to enable better QA processes for Marketing teams\n\n* #web-marketing-campaign-issues-na-mealkits ‚Üí channel with errors reporting\n\n* [NG + Leo] ChatGPT App PoC launched  -Draft- [PRD] HF Discovery MCP / ChatGPT App Integration POC\n\n* [Leo] Request for clarity on pilot PDLC program and path forward\n\nAI-Native Product Development Handbook \n\n* [AG+NG] Breaking down what‚Äôs needed to get to PDLC iteratively\n\n* [AG] Feedback on /qa-test command\n\n\n\n\n\nMinutes & action items\n\n   * Adam Ghanem to refine Gemini minutes & action items to align with the group on next steps across key topics over the next 2 weeks\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nStatus updates\n\n\n\n\n\nAdam\n\n   * Past 2 weeks: little has been done, most of the focus was solely on YP and re-org people ops\n\n   * Small win: Created a /qa-test Claude Code command that is able to generate a test plan scenario (e.g. given a list of all the prices for specific zones, create a test report showing where are there pricing display errors)\n\n   * Booked for 50% of AI Office Hours this week without re-announcement\n\n   * Needed from the group: need feedback from people testing the /qa-test command - where it falls short, etc..\n\n   * What‚Äôs in focus next? \n\n   * Introducing AI Bytes Office Hours to a wider audience of product managers & designers\n\n   * Claude Code for Product Management Workshop w/ Ebrahim[a]\n\n   * What am I interested in updates about?\n\n   * v0 procurement & next steps for how might we shift to a prototype first culture for consumer facing experiences\n\n   * @Ebrahim/@Pep methodology of spec-driven development core concepts intro rotation? Sup? [b][c][d][e][f]\n\n   * Also can we be a bit more specific of the goals of the teams‚Äô you‚Äôre onboarding? \n\n   * I believe the focus right now should solely be on getting teams going with spec-driven development vs. whatever they‚Äôre doing themselves right now\n\n   * What I need help with: \n\n   * Streamlining outbound efforts: templating our outbound efforts (e.g. daily tips, daily office hours, monthly workshop, weekly learning & development sources, weekly spotlight, etc..)\n\n   * What I want us to focus on next:\n\n   * Getting to AI-assisted PDLC faster - how can we split the effort of packaging since curation seems to have a lot of friction?[g][h]\n\n   * Agenda topics\n\n   * What ChatGPT App PoC Launch? ‚Üí Nikita Gorshkov + Leo Lee\n\n\n\n\nn start slicing and dicing to creating effective tooling for - there are certain big rock efforts being made but there could be a bit more we could to speed up if we split it between us\n\n[i]!! Definitely need to hear more about this!\n\n[j]1 total reaction\n\nSherief Helaifi-Chadha reacted with ü´† at 2025-10-27 13:45 PM\n\n[k]Connect with Srishti and Harneet on this\n\n[l]OH MY THIS IS NICE! :)\n\n[m]let's discuss in our 1:1 this week then briefly but my take on focus first would be on getting value out of it first then deciding if that value's worth keeping or moving over to an alternative product\n\n[n]For which team? Consumer? Yarra and Abdel? (there's lots of taste profile teams haha\n\n[o]@priscila.machado@hellofresh.com\n\n[p]What's missing here?\n\n[q]Out of curiosity, how often do we need to do competitive analysis?\n\n[r]If we think this is really important I would DM people asking if they have something to share. If yes why they are not sharing it. Historically, I had way more survey answers when messaging people direct and trying to figure out why they where not answering it.\n\n[s]Could we have access to the files @ekar@hellofresh.com ?\n\n_Assigned to ekar@hellofresh.com_\n\n[t]@adam.ghanem@hellofresh.com idea: could we video record these session, and later on create some snap shot videos (like Youtube shorts) and post it in the channel\n\n_Assigned to adam.ghanem@hellofresh.com_\n\n[u]Can we schedule a demo\n\n1 total reaction\n\nLacey Nagel reacted with ‚ûï at 2025-09-10 08:31 AM\n\n[v]How are you planning to bring this to production? \n\nWhere are you deploying it? \n\nHow are you monitoring it? \n\nWhat have you set as success metrics?\n\n[w]I can help once I get through this x-sell launch !\n\n1 total reaction\n\nAdam Ghanem reacted with ‚ô•Ô∏è at 2025-09-08 15:38 PM\n\n[x]What is the agenda?\n\n[y]yes, can we first please have a learning outcome and expected learnings + prerequisites\n\n1 total reaction\n\nLacey Nagel reacted with ‚ûï at 2025-09-10 08:31 AM\n\n[z]what does 'org capabilities' mean?\n\n[aa]Let's make an AI Wizard Award - let's talk to Jake Fear\n\n[ab]Sounds good - let's see what we could do\n\n[ac]This would be great for the strategizer agent\n\n[ad]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com should we give this to AI lab ppl to run and scale, since its going to be used by all teams?\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[ae]https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eCLSriedmyRug-rI4GDj-h5C2EinhvqU/view?pli=1",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-15-01.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-15",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [],
      "matched_people": [
        "yarra",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "Connect on CA B2B Shopify Integration - 2025/12/15 11:29 EST - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1W0ZtT5wWZPs1LAaG-Kh3IQ35Jc8fFAZgIm0mnUJGhaU",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0ZtT5wWZPs1LAaG-Kh3IQ35Jc8fFAZgIm0mnUJGhaU/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 15, 2025\n\nConnect on CA B2B Shopify Integration\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Elysa Viti\n\nAttachments Connect on CA B2B Shopify Integration \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nElysa Viti initiated a discussion with Nikita Gorshkov about the Canadian B2B site, which requires Shopify as middleware because no current systems, except Katana, support the necessary B2B functionality out of the box; the site aims to automate small business employee orders (Factor only), which are currently manual and error-prone. Nikita Gorshkov emphasized that the success of B2B depends on a strong sales presence, and confirmed that zero people are currently allocated to B2B development, with expectations that a dedicated B2B team may be pushed for around June, leading Elysa Viti to estimate a Q3 launch for the Shopify integration. The strategy for the first half of the year involves manually testing streams like sports teams and gyms, and Elysa Viti suggested a separate team should handle B2B.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Initial Scope and Technical Challenges for B2B in Canada Elysa Viti initiated the discussion to scope the work required for a B2B site in Canada, noting it seemed to involve more work than initially expected (00:00:00). Nikita Gorshkov explained the complexities, emphasizing that none of their current systems, except for Katana, support the required B2B functionality out of the box, necessitating the use of Shopify as a middleware solution for consolidation (00:03:20). They also detailed the need for extensive integration with retailers or businesses for order placement, inventory management, and the requirement for a CRM system, mentioning a possible transition to HubSpot (00:04:29).\n\n* Sales Presence and Commercial Support for B2B Nikita Gorshkov stressed that the success of B2B, particularly for physical goods, heavily relies not on tech, but on a strong sales presence and field team to build relationships (00:04:29). Elysa Viti noted that the Canadian B2B initiative involves only them and their direct report, and they will not be doing fieldwork (00:05:38). Elysa Viti clarified that the main purpose of the Canadian B2B site is to facilitate small businesses placing orders for their employees (Factor only, not HelloFresh), with a current manual ordering system leading to errors and requiring a Shopify integration to automate the process. They do not foresee using it for retail immediately, aiming to unlock small businesses first (00:06:51).\n\n* Timeline and Resource Allocation for B2B Development Elysa Viti plans to discuss the business case with Kieran to adapt it for Canada and determine a timeline for integration (00:07:55). Nikita Gorshkov revealed that there are currently zero people allocated to B2B within their funding, and they anticipate that Adam and Factor, along with Ed, may push for a dedicated B2B team around June (00:08:58). This timeline suggests that dedicated work on the B2B site would likely start in June. Elysa Viti estimated that the development, which they suggested might take about a month since it's based on the US system, means a realistic launch for the Shopify integration would be in Q3 (00:09:56) (00:13:46).\n\n* Strategy and Team Structure for Canadian B2B Elysa Viti described their strategy for the first half of the year (until June), which includes manually testing streams like sports teams, gyms, and private retail locations (e.g., universities) (00:12:58). Elysa Viti expressed concern about managing both growth and revenue and suggested a separate team should handle B2B, similar\n\n\n\nlready told you know our I don't know if you know Kevin he's our um our I think he's what's his title? What is Kevin's title? Hold on. Um I think he is he's a DM for Factor Canada. He's basically online.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Uh, okay.\n\nElysa Viti: He's online.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Okay.\n\nElysa Viti: He He's good with us testing out a few things until we get this Shopify integration going. So I'm just going to give him the timeline that you know we don't have a dedicated team to this right now who will be able to support in the first half of the year getting this online. So we're looking at it'll the work will start in June not finish it like this is this is K is submitted JAMA or the team takes it away I don't\n\nNikita Gorshkov: H.\n\nElysa Viti: know once you guys have it three four weeks I don't know how long it might take like a month\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Huh?\n\nElysa Viti: or so I'm guessing um because it's really just the same system as that exists in the US just copy paste for Canada I'm saying copy paste but I know it's not that easy\n\n \n\n \n\n00:14:52\n\n \n\nNikita Gorshkov: Yeah. Yeah. It's It never is.\n\nElysa Viti: u a version of that.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: It never is.\n\nElysa Viti: Um, so about a month after,\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Right.\n\nElysa Viti: so we're looking at realistically Q3.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Okay.\n\nElysa Viti: Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I think that's I think that's okay.\n\nElysa Viti: Okay. Okay.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I mean,\n\nElysa Viti: Got it.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: it's not unreasonable.\n\nElysa Viti: All right.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: There we go.\n\nElysa Viti: Yeah. Yeah. This is a lot of work um for both you and I at this point. So, I just need to set realistic expectations with SLT that, you know, we don't have the resources. Things can't get done as fast as they would like. We need more people. Yeah. Okay. All right.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Nice.\n\nElysa Viti: I think um I think that's it for now from me. Um I'm going to forward all these notes over to Kevin to Cole, our director of growth,\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Mhm.\n\nElysa Viti: just for him to, you know, they can read up on it. If they have any questions, I'll let you know. But for now, I think we're okay. Okay. Thank you. And I'll keep you posted on income.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:16:04\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-15-02.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-15",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "Connect on CA B2B Shopify Integration - 2025/12/15 11:29 EST - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1W0ZtT5wWZPs1LAaG-Kh3IQ35Jc8fFAZgIm0mnUJGhaU",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0ZtT5wWZPs1LAaG-Kh3IQ35Jc8fFAZgIm0mnUJGhaU/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 15, 2025\n\nConnect on CA B2B Shopify Integration\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Elysa Viti\n\nAttachments Connect on CA B2B Shopify Integration \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nElysa Viti initiated a discussion with Nikita Gorshkov about the Canadian B2B site, which requires Shopify as middleware because no current systems, except Katana, support the necessary B2B functionality out of the box; the site aims to automate small business employee orders (Factor only), which are currently manual and error-prone. Nikita Gorshkov emphasized that the success of B2B depends on a strong sales presence, and confirmed that zero people are currently allocated to B2B development, with expectations that a dedicated B2B team may be pushed for around June, leading Elysa Viti to estimate a Q3 launch for the Shopify integration. The strategy for the first half of the year involves manually testing streams like sports teams and gyms, and Elysa Viti suggested a separate team should handle B2B.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Initial Scope and Technical Challenges for B2B in Canada Elysa Viti initiated the discussion to scope the work required for a B2B site in Canada, noting it seemed to involve more work than initially expected (00:00:00). Nikita Gorshkov explained the complexities, emphasizing that none of their current systems, except for Katana, support the required B2B functionality out of the box, necessitating the use of Shopify as a middleware solution for consolidation (00:03:20). They also detailed the need for extensive integration with retailers or businesses for order placement, inventory management, and the requirement for a CRM system, mentioning a possible transition to HubSpot (00:04:29).\n\n* Sales Presence and Commercial Support for B2B Nikita Gorshkov stressed that the success of B2B, particularly for physical goods, heavily relies not on tech, but on a strong sales presence and field team to build relationships (00:04:29). Elysa Viti noted that the Canadian B2B initiative involves only them and their direct report, and they will not be doing fieldwork (00:05:38). Elysa Viti clarified that the main purpose of the Canadian B2B site is to facilitate small businesses placing orders for their employees (Factor only, not HelloFresh), with a current manual ordering system leading to errors and requiring a Shopify integration to automate the process. They do not foresee using it for retail immediately, aiming to unlock small businesses first (00:06:51).\n\n* Timeline and Resource Allocation for B2B Development Elysa Viti plans to discuss the business case with Kieran to adapt it for Canada and determine a timeline for integration (00:07:55). Nikita Gorshkov revealed that there are currently zero people allocated to B2B within their funding, and they anticipate that Adam and Factor, along with Ed, may push for a dedicated B2B team around June (00:08:58). This timeline suggests that dedicated work on the B2B site would likely start in June. Elysa Viti estimated that the development, which they suggested might take about a month since it's based on the US system, means a realistic launch for the Shopify integration would be in Q3 (00:09:56) (00:13:46).\n\n* Strategy and Team Structure for Canadian B2B Elysa Viti described their strategy for the first half of the year (until June), which includes manually testing streams like sports teams, gyms, and private retail locations (e.g., universities) (00:12:58). Elysa Viti expressed concern about managing both growth and revenue and suggested a separate team should handle B2B, similar\n\n\n\nlready told you know our I don't know if you know Kevin he's our um our I think he's what's his title? What is Kevin's title? Hold on. Um I think he is he's a DM for Factor Canada. He's basically online.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Uh, okay.\n\nElysa Viti: He's online.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Okay.\n\nElysa Viti: He He's good with us testing out a few things until we get this Shopify integration going. So I'm just going to give him the timeline that you know we don't have a dedicated team to this right now who will be able to support in the first half of the year getting this online. So we're looking at it'll the work will start in June not finish it like this is this is K is submitted JAMA or the team takes it away I don't\n\nNikita Gorshkov: H.\n\nElysa Viti: know once you guys have it three four weeks I don't know how long it might take like a month\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Huh?\n\nElysa Viti: or so I'm guessing um because it's really just the same system as that exists in the US just copy paste for Canada I'm saying copy paste but I know it's not that easy\n\n \n\n \n\n00:14:52\n\n \n\nNikita Gorshkov: Yeah. Yeah. It's It never is.\n\nElysa Viti: u a version of that.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: It never is.\n\nElysa Viti: Um, so about a month after,\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Right.\n\nElysa Viti: so we're looking at realistically Q3.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Okay.\n\nElysa Viti: Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I think that's I think that's okay.\n\nElysa Viti: Okay. Okay.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I mean,\n\nElysa Viti: Got it.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: it's not unreasonable.\n\nElysa Viti: All right.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: There we go.\n\nElysa Viti: Yeah. Yeah. This is a lot of work um for both you and I at this point. So, I just need to set realistic expectations with SLT that, you know, we don't have the resources. Things can't get done as fast as they would like. We need more people. Yeah. Okay. All right.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Nice.\n\nElysa Viti: I think um I think that's it for now from me. Um I'm going to forward all these notes over to Kevin to Cole, our director of growth,\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Mhm.\n\nElysa Viti: just for him to, you know, they can read up on it. If they have any questions, I'll let you know. But for now, I think we're okay. Okay. Thank you. And I'll keep you posted on income.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:16:04\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-16-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-16",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "Notes - AI Bytes Assemble",
      "doc_id": "1sQcxFMBainqwvCWr7eHtf5_Jkiskht9XhkBzIhBRWX4",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sQcxFMBainqwvCWr7eHtf5_Jkiskht9XhkBzIhBRWX4/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøSyncs\n\nResources\n\n* AI-Native Product Development Handbook\n\nBacklog\n\n* Shipyard Concept Experiment PM + Eng + Design ‚Üí take an idea through to the outcome (overlaps with Ebrahim‚Äôs AI lab concept)\n\nDec 15, 2025\n\nAgenda\n\n* [Mario] Establishing a Golden Path for an AI-Native Product Development Lifecycle (PDLC) - Foundation for Q1 Planning\n\n* [AG] AI-First vs. AI-Augmented: Why Focus Wins\n\n* [ALL] How might we merge our view points to see eye to eye? What‚Äôs next?\n\nDecision Doc: Q1'2026 Planning Alignment Foundations + Consumer Foundations\n\n* [MK] I feel we are aligned on\n\n* Focus on the design-to-code part of the PDLC\n\n* Focus on well-defined use cases (ReactNative migration, anything else directly related to the meta backlog) vs. rolling out to all\n\nThat said, I need to understand the ReactNative use cases a bit better\n\nMain question for me right now: How to assess success (quantitatively)\n\n* Setting standards would require guidelines\n\n\n\n\n\nKey minutes & action items (besides Gemini)\n\n* [Sergei]RN x GenAI Session\n\nNov 20, 2025\n\nStatus Updates:\n\nAdam\n\nNikita\n\nPep\n\nEbrahim\n\nLacey\n\n* Releasing FreshChat integration in HelloDev today\n\n* Formal launch of AI Agent Platform tomorrow\n\n* Pricilla\n\nBrian\n\nShereif\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOct 27, 2025\n\nAgenda\n\n* [Sherief] How to enable better QA processes for Marketing teams\n\n* #web-marketing-campaign-issues-na-mealkits ‚Üí channel with errors reporting\n\n* [NG + Leo] ChatGPT App PoC launched  -Draft- [PRD] HF Discovery MCP / ChatGPT App Integration POC\n\n* [Leo] Request for clarity on pilot PDLC program and path forward\n\nAI-Native Product Development Handbook \n\n* [AG+NG] Breaking down what‚Äôs needed to get to PDLC iteratively\n\n* [AG] Feedback on /qa-test command\n\n\n\n\n\nMinutes & action items\n\n   * Adam Ghanem to refine Gemini minutes & action items to align with the group on next steps across key topics over the next 2 weeks\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nStatus updates\n\n\n\n\n\nAdam\n\n   * Past 2 weeks: little has been done, most of the focus was solely on YP and re-org people ops\n\n   * Small win: Created a /qa-test Claude Code command that is able to generate a test plan scenario (e.g. given a list of all the prices for specific zones, create a test report showing where are there pricing display errors)\n\n   * Booked for 50% of AI Office Hours this week without re-announcement\n\n   * Needed from the group: need feedback from people testing the /qa-test command - where it falls short, etc..\n\n   * What‚Äôs in focus next? \n\n   * Introducing AI Bytes Office Hours to a wider audience of product managers & designers\n\n   * Claude Code for Product Management Workshop w/ Ebrahim[a]\n\n   * What am I interested in updates about?\n\n   * v0 procurement & next steps for how might we shift to a prototype first culture for consumer facing experiences\n\n   * @Ebrahim/@Pep methodology of spec-driven development core concepts intro rotation? Sup? [b][c][d][e][f]\n\n   * Also can we be a bit more specific of the goals of the teams‚Äô you‚Äôre onboarding? \n\n   * I believe the focus right now should solely be on getting teams going with spec-driven development vs. whatever they‚Äôre doing themselves right now\n\n   * What I need help with: \n\n   * Streamlining outbound efforts: templating our outbound efforts (e.g. daily tips, daily office hours, monthly workshop, weekly learning & development sources, weekly spotlight, etc..)\n\n   * What I want us to focus on next:\n\n   * Getting to AI-assisted PDLC faster - how can we split the effort of packaging since curation seems to have a lot of friction?[g][h]\n\n   * Agenda topics\n\n   * What ChatGPT App PoC Launch? ‚Üí Nikita Gorshkov + Leo Lee\n\n\n\n\nn start slicing and dicing to creating effective tooling for - there are certain big rock efforts being made but there could be a bit more we could to speed up if we split it between us\n\n[i]!! Definitely need to hear more about this!\n\n[j]1 total reaction\n\nSherief Helaifi-Chadha reacted with ü´† at 2025-10-27 13:45 PM\n\n[k]Connect with Srishti and Harneet on this\n\n[l]OH MY THIS IS NICE! :)\n\n[m]let's discuss in our 1:1 this week then briefly but my take on focus first would be on getting value out of it first then deciding if that value's worth keeping or moving over to an alternative product\n\n[n]For which team? Consumer? Yarra and Abdel? (there's lots of taste profile teams haha\n\n[o]@priscila.machado@hellofresh.com\n\n[p]What's missing here?\n\n[q]Out of curiosity, how often do we need to do competitive analysis?\n\n[r]If we think this is really important I would DM people asking if they have something to share. If yes why they are not sharing it. Historically, I had way more survey answers when messaging people direct and trying to figure out why they where not answering it.\n\n[s]Could we have access to the files @ekar@hellofresh.com ?\n\n_Assigned to ekar@hellofresh.com_\n\n[t]@adam.ghanem@hellofresh.com idea: could we video record these session, and later on create some snap shot videos (like Youtube shorts) and post it in the channel\n\n_Assigned to adam.ghanem@hellofresh.com_\n\n[u]Can we schedule a demo\n\n1 total reaction\n\nLacey Nagel reacted with ‚ûï at 2025-09-10 08:31 AM\n\n[v]How are you planning to bring this to production? \n\nWhere are you deploying it? \n\nHow are you monitoring it? \n\nWhat have you set as success metrics?\n\n[w]I can help once I get through this x-sell launch !\n\n1 total reaction\n\nAdam Ghanem reacted with ‚ô•Ô∏è at 2025-09-08 15:38 PM\n\n[x]What is the agenda?\n\n[y]yes, can we first please have a learning outcome and expected learnings + prerequisites\n\n1 total reaction\n\nLacey Nagel reacted with ‚ûï at 2025-09-10 08:31 AM\n\n[z]what does 'org capabilities' mean?\n\n[aa]Let's make an AI Wizard Award - let's talk to Jake Fear\n\n[ab]Sounds good - let's see what we could do\n\n[ac]This would be great for the strategizer agent\n\n[ad]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com should we give this to AI lab ppl to run and scale, since its going to be used by all teams?\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[ae]https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eCLSriedmyRug-rI4GDj-h5C2EinhvqU/view?pli=1",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-16-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-16",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [],
      "matched_people": [
        "yarra",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "HF CA B2B - 2025/12/17 16:46 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1sCf6DzXMfBZ_Z_f8xfKLEgWabu6QODB-4EasxTPjjhQ",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sCf6DzXMfBZ_Z_f8xfKLEgWabu6QODB-4EasxTPjjhQ/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 17, 2025\n\nHF CA B2B\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Ian Brooks\n\nAttachments HF CA B2B \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nIan Brooks initiated a discussion about launching a Shopify store in Canada to block out competition, with planned resources for March from Ian Brooks and Kevin to handle sales. Nikita Gorshkov detailed resource constraints due to the GC Netherlands migration blocking the implementation team until February, making a \"lift and shift\" of the US B2B Shopify store setup using Anata the most straightforward approach. Ian Brooks confirmed that a minimal integration pilot, focusing on a simple storefront and data output without SCM integrations for small volumes, would be sufficient to proceed, and Nikita Gorshkov noted that existing contracts with the US entity for factor, covering Shopify and Anata, would likely allow the Canadian business to piggyback on them.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Canadian Shopify Store Launch and Competition Ian Brooks initiated the discussion regarding the launch of a Shopify store in Canada, motivated by an approach from a competitor and an existing interest in blocking out competition. They mentioned that they and Kevin had been planning resources for March to handle the sales side, believing the timing was right and the break-even point was not \"crazy\". Nikita Gorshkov cautioned about the complexities of the launch, noting that the most straightforward approach would involve using Anata, who handled the US B2B Shopify store for factor, to \"lift and shift\" the setup for Canada (00:00:58).\n\n* Resource Constraints and Technical Challenges for Canada Launch Nikita Gorshkov detailed resource constraints, explaining that the team capable of implementing the Canada country launch would be blocked throughout January and into February due to the GC Netherlands migration, which has a deadline of the 30th to deliver all migrated GC customers to HelloFresh (00:00:58). The technical difficulty involves disabling and stripping out existing US functionality, such as katana integrations, and confirming if the fulfillment systems and DC setups are the same between the US and Canada. Nikita Gorshkov clarified that the storefront is the easiest piece, but the fulfillment method is the key challenge (00:02:11).\n\n* Minimal Integration Requirement for Pilot Ian Brooks emphasized that for an early stage pilot with small volumes (break-even at 450 meals a week), all they require is the storefront and a simple data output, like an Excel spreadsheet or a database query, with \"no integrations on the SCM\". They stated that the US tends to make these things unnecessarily difficult and suggested they could rely on Danielle's team or Jigger for manual production plan manipulation for the small volume pilot (00:02:11). Ian Brooks proposed that if the pilot takes off, they would then have a business case to allocate resources for full integrations (00:03:24).\n\n* Vendor and Contract Status for Shopify Store Nikita Gorshkov shared that a PM could handle a simple storefront setup with minimal engineering support, using knowledge gained from the VMS store launch and the upcoming Good Shop store launch in January. However, they pointed out that contracts only exist with the US entity for factor at the moment, covering Shopify and Anata (00:04:33). Ian Brooks learned that Anata manages the storefront setup, CRM systems, design work, and integration with endpoints, while the internal team handles URL setup, tracking pipelines, and internal system integrations (00:05:38). Ian Brooks suggested that as an \n\n\n\non the back end, but they will fulfill 100% of orders on time. And if we get something out of this, then we get something out of this. The sales guys are basically saying, you know, we should not be selling weekly subscriptions here. We're selling annual subscriptions. So, this is an annual sale with weekly uh potentially\n\nNikita Gorshkov: H\n\nIan Brooks: meal selection. Or I might even say, you know what, we're going to send them our menu every month. And then like we we we will Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: because that's what works, right?\n\nIan Brooks: So we need to make this easy on all sides and we need to think differently on it. But anyway, okay. I will leave it with you. Um we're going to run this sales What's\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I'll get back to you by Friday. Uh,\n\nIan Brooks: that?\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I'll get back to you by Friday. We have the our meeting on Friday.\n\nIan Brooks: Thank you.\n\n \n\n \n\n00:09:27\n\n \n\nIan Brooks: We're going to run this sales pilot, Nikita, no matter what. Okay. Um but I want it to succeed.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: H\n\nIan Brooks: And so I think if we can bring a shopfront online um sometime in January um that would be an ideal case.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Mhm.\n\nIan Brooks: Um but as I said I need no integration behind the\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Mhm. Okay.\n\nIan Brooks: scenes.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: What I'll do in the meantime, uh, and I'll intro you to Nurev, uh, who's the chairman for the agency. Let's just ask him for, hey guys, like this is what we need, how much it will cost, just to give us a a a price.\n\nIan Brooks: You\n\nNikita Gorshkov: And then we we've able to actually negotiate the price down to by 30% on the good shop\n\nIan Brooks: know,\n\nNikita Gorshkov: side just as a thing by cutting corners here and there. Uh so I think it's um it's not unfeasible or 25. Um and then uh yeah,\n\nIan Brooks: Okay.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: let's get the price from them. In the meantime, I'll get back to you from what Samir and Ally told me. I'll talk with Ally today and she'll start digging here as well.\n\nIan Brooks: Okay, man. Appreciate you. Yes, that's fine. We're We are an associated business of the US. We can probably just piggyback the contract. Most likely the contract will cover us anyways.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:11:01\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-18-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-18",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "vms"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    },
    {
      "title": "Notes - AI Bytes Assemble",
      "doc_id": "1sQcxFMBainqwvCWr7eHtf5_Jkiskht9XhkBzIhBRWX4",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sQcxFMBainqwvCWr7eHtf5_Jkiskht9XhkBzIhBRWX4/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøSyncs\n\nResources\n\n* AI-Native Product Development Handbook\n\nBacklog\n\n* Shipyard Concept Experiment PM + Eng + Design ‚Üí take an idea through to the outcome (overlaps with Ebrahim‚Äôs AI lab concept)\n\nDec 15, 2025\n\nAgenda\n\n* [Mario] Establishing a Golden Path for an AI-Native Product Development Lifecycle (PDLC) - Foundation for Q1 Planning\n\n* [AG] AI-First vs. AI-Augmented: Why Focus Wins\n\n* [ALL] How might we merge our view points to see eye to eye? What‚Äôs next?\n\nDecision Doc: Q1'2026 Planning Alignment Foundations + Consumer Foundations\n\n* [MK] I feel we are aligned on\n\n* Focus on the design-to-code part of the PDLC\n\n* Focus on well-defined use cases (ReactNative migration, anything else directly related to the meta backlog) vs. rolling out to all\n\nThat said, I need to understand the ReactNative use cases a bit better\n\nMain question for me right now: How to assess success (quantitatively)\n\n* Setting standards would require guidelines\n\n\n\n\n\nKey minutes & action items (besides Gemini)\n\n* [Sergei]RN x GenAI Session\n\nNov 20, 2025\n\nStatus Updates:\n\nAdam\n\nNikita\n\nPep\n\nEbrahim\n\nLacey\n\n* Releasing FreshChat integration in HelloDev today\n\n* Formal launch of AI Agent Platform tomorrow\n\n* Pricilla\n\nBrian\n\nShereif\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOct 27, 2025\n\nAgenda\n\n* [Sherief] How to enable better QA processes for Marketing teams\n\n* #web-marketing-campaign-issues-na-mealkits ‚Üí channel with errors reporting\n\n* [NG + Leo] ChatGPT App PoC launched  -Draft- [PRD] HF Discovery MCP / ChatGPT App Integration POC\n\n* [Leo] Request for clarity on pilot PDLC program and path forward\n\nAI-Native Product Development Handbook \n\n* [AG+NG] Breaking down what‚Äôs needed to get to PDLC iteratively\n\n* [AG] Feedback on /qa-test command\n\n\n\n\n\nMinutes & action items\n\n   * Adam Ghanem to refine Gemini minutes & action items to align with the group on next steps across key topics over the next 2 weeks\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nStatus updates\n\n\n\n\n\nAdam\n\n   * Past 2 weeks: little has been done, most of the focus was solely on YP and re-org people ops\n\n   * Small win: Created a /qa-test Claude Code command that is able to generate a test plan scenario (e.g. given a list of all the prices for specific zones, create a test report showing where are there pricing display errors)\n\n   * Booked for 50% of AI Office Hours this week without re-announcement\n\n   * Needed from the group: need feedback from people testing the /qa-test command - where it falls short, etc..\n\n   * What‚Äôs in focus next? \n\n   * Introducing AI Bytes Office Hours to a wider audience of product managers & designers\n\n   * Claude Code for Product Management Workshop w/ Ebrahim[a]\n\n   * What am I interested in updates about?\n\n   * v0 procurement & next steps for how might we shift to a prototype first culture for consumer facing experiences\n\n   * @Ebrahim/@Pep methodology of spec-driven development core concepts intro rotation? Sup? [b][c][d][e][f]\n\n   * Also can we be a bit more specific of the goals of the teams‚Äô you‚Äôre onboarding? \n\n   * I believe the focus right now should solely be on getting teams going with spec-driven development vs. whatever they‚Äôre doing themselves right now\n\n   * What I need help with: \n\n   * Streamlining outbound efforts: templating our outbound efforts (e.g. daily tips, daily office hours, monthly workshop, weekly learning & development sources, weekly spotlight, etc..)\n\n   * What I want us to focus on next:\n\n   * Getting to AI-assisted PDLC faster - how can we split the effort of packaging since curation seems to have a lot of friction?[g][h]\n\n   * Agenda topics\n\n   * What ChatGPT App PoC Launch? ‚Üí Nikita Gorshkov + Leo Lee\n\n\n\n\nn start slicing and dicing to creating effective tooling for - there are certain big rock efforts being made but there could be a bit more we could to speed up if we split it between us\n\n[i]!! Definitely need to hear more about this!\n\n[j]1 total reaction\n\nSherief Helaifi-Chadha reacted with ü´† at 2025-10-27 13:45 PM\n\n[k]Connect with Srishti and Harneet on this\n\n[l]OH MY THIS IS NICE! :)\n\n[m]let's discuss in our 1:1 this week then briefly but my take on focus first would be on getting value out of it first then deciding if that value's worth keeping or moving over to an alternative product\n\n[n]For which team? Consumer? Yarra and Abdel? (there's lots of taste profile teams haha\n\n[o]@priscila.machado@hellofresh.com\n\n[p]What's missing here?\n\n[q]Out of curiosity, how often do we need to do competitive analysis?\n\n[r]If we think this is really important I would DM people asking if they have something to share. If yes why they are not sharing it. Historically, I had way more survey answers when messaging people direct and trying to figure out why they where not answering it.\n\n[s]Could we have access to the files @ekar@hellofresh.com ?\n\n_Assigned to ekar@hellofresh.com_\n\n[t]@adam.ghanem@hellofresh.com idea: could we video record these session, and later on create some snap shot videos (like Youtube shorts) and post it in the channel\n\n_Assigned to adam.ghanem@hellofresh.com_\n\n[u]Can we schedule a demo\n\n1 total reaction\n\nLacey Nagel reacted with ‚ûï at 2025-09-10 08:31 AM\n\n[v]How are you planning to bring this to production? \n\nWhere are you deploying it? \n\nHow are you monitoring it? \n\nWhat have you set as success metrics?\n\n[w]I can help once I get through this x-sell launch !\n\n1 total reaction\n\nAdam Ghanem reacted with ‚ô•Ô∏è at 2025-09-08 15:38 PM\n\n[x]What is the agenda?\n\n[y]yes, can we first please have a learning outcome and expected learnings + prerequisites\n\n1 total reaction\n\nLacey Nagel reacted with ‚ûï at 2025-09-10 08:31 AM\n\n[z]what does 'org capabilities' mean?\n\n[aa]Let's make an AI Wizard Award - let's talk to Jake Fear\n\n[ab]Sounds good - let's see what we could do\n\n[ac]This would be great for the strategizer agent\n\n[ad]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com should we give this to AI lab ppl to run and scale, since its going to be used by all teams?\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[ae]https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eCLSriedmyRug-rI4GDj-h5C2EinhvqU/view?pli=1",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-18-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-18",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [],
      "matched_people": [
        "yarra",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 2
    }
  ],
  "doc_count": 8,
  "total_chars": 48032
}