{
  "batch_id": "meeting_078",
  "doc_type": "meeting",
  "documents": [
    {
      "title": "NVE Product Roadmap Sharing - 2025/12/09 15:31 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1Olh548jPTYyDIWwRiF0VXcqDX14fwAscG3tOiAelAC0",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Olh548jPTYyDIWwRiF0VXcqDX14fwAscG3tOiAelAC0/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 9, 2025\n\nNVE Product Roadmap Sharing\n\nInvited Maria Chelminska Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut Hamed Karimian Alison Ryan Prateek Jajoo\n\nAttachments NVE Product Roadmap Sharing \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut set up a meeting with Maria Chelminska, Prateek Jajoo, someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2), someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2), Nikita Gorshkov, and Alison Ryan to review and align on next year's plans across various teams. Maria Chelminska and Prateek Jajoo outlined TBT 2026's strategy, which includes a growth stream focused on expanding the SKU portfolio, revamping the signup page as a quick win, and a strategic launch of a \"pantry fresh\" product, alongside a retention stream focused on fully digital feeding guides, dashboard improvements, tailored cancellation deflection, and a plan recommendation engine. Someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2) and someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2) detailed Factor's Q1 roadmap, constrained by the Shopify experiment outcome and new product development complexities, focusing on OTP launch iterations, new product development (mealshake and creatine) despite SKU flexibility issues, and integrating with the Factor app, while Beatrice Dimarucut presented Good Chop's H1 roadmap, prioritizing the OTP launch, a price value experiment to improve conversion/retention, and foundational work to clean up legacy code in the funnel. The participants also discussed integrating third-party tools like Beam for charity donations, Yachtpool for product ratings, and Incom for HelloFresh gift card partnerships.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Schedule and Meeting Logistics Beatrice Dimarucut set up the meeting to review and align on plans for the next year, aiming to identify overlaps and opportunities to combine courses for development and discovery. Maria Chelminska mentioned that their team's plan is fairly complete for the year, though changes are likely, with Q1 being closer to concrete (00:01:14). The discussion also briefly touched upon workplace conditions, as Maria Chelminska and Prateek Jajoo were meeting in a different building because the heating was broken in the main HelloFresh building in Berlin, which had been a long-term issue (00:00:00).\n\n* TBT 2026 Strategy and Streams Maria Chelminska confirmed that for 2026, the team will operate in two streams: a growth stream and a retention stream. These streams might have separate backlogs, and Maria Chelminska and Prateek Jajoo may focus more on one stream each (00:01:14). The growth stream will follow a setup with a main priority‚Äîa larger, strategically important initiative‚Äîand quick wins, which are smaller, sprint releases intended to motivate the team and maintain pace (00:02:39).\n\n* Growth Stream Initiatives (Q1) The growth stream will start the year by expanding the SKU portfolio, adding new calorie options for very small and very big dogs. A key initiative is the signup page revamp. Maria Chelminska stated that the current signup page, which uses a shared layout, has not been updated since its launch, and the goal is to improve it as a quick win to increase the intent to proceed by removing messages about add-ons that currently appear to be an upsell (00:02:39).\n\n* Strategic Priority: Pantry Fresh Product Launch A high-priority strategic project is expanding the product offering with a new product type called pantry fresh, which is a fresh product that does not require refrigeration. To prepare for this, the team is redesigning the existing p\n\n\n\nset up uh the integration. I'll keep you folks posted. is fairly straightforward in terms of how it's redeemed. And then we use cash credits that drop onto the HelloFresh accounts uh that the user can redeem in their next box. That's pretty much the the system there. So, if if somebody uh does pick this up, um I I think in at some point once it's live, uh I can see how Yuri and Lauron will get to this topic.\n\n \n\n \n\n01:21:47\n\n \n\nNikita Gorshkov: We can probably just reuse the whole system wholesale.\n\nMaria Chelminska: But a credit for sorry a gift card for HelloFresh can be also used for only used for HelloFresh.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Yes.\n\nAlison Ryan: Those\n\nNikita Gorshkov: But uh just imagine like you probably saw these same as the Xbox cards, the Amazon cards that you see in stores.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: physical.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Yeah.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Mhm.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Physical have a fresh group.\n\nMaria Chelminska: Yeah, I was maybe just thinking that it's going to be like a mult multibrand card and we can also benefit from\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Nice.\n\nAlison Ryan: are the dreams. Maria in\n\nNikita Gorshkov: All right, folks.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Nice.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Thank you so much for organizing this.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Yeah, I think at least we know more or less what everyone's doing. Hopefully it was useful. Um, yeah. Nice. And Nikita, do you have five minutes to say maybe Allison?\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Sure.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Okay, cool.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Right.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: All right. Thank you. Bye. Um, so we were gonna on Thursday like I was planning on sharing with like the the squad like the road map for next year and obviously like also would be good for them to get contacts on Shopify, but\n\nNikita Gorshkov: H I doubt it\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: I don't know how to like frame this without freaking people out that it might be a possibility that the web experience gets replaced.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: honestly that it will be that big of a risk uh right now. I think the way we can frame this and the way we should be framing it is for what it is. It's a way for us to much more rapidly experiment with the offer that we can provide to various customers and it's more\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 01:23:36\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-09-05.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-09",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "beatrice",
        "maria",
        "prateek",
        "hamed",
        "allison",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 8
    },
    {
      "title": "NVE Product Roadmap Sharing - 2025/12/09 15:31 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1Olh548jPTYyDIWwRiF0VXcqDX14fwAscG3tOiAelAC0",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Olh548jPTYyDIWwRiF0VXcqDX14fwAscG3tOiAelAC0/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 9, 2025\n\nNVE Product Roadmap Sharing\n\nInvited Maria Chelminska Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut Hamed Karimian Alison Ryan Prateek Jajoo\n\nAttachments NVE Product Roadmap Sharing \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut set up a meeting with Maria Chelminska, Prateek Jajoo, someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2), someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2), Nikita Gorshkov, and Alison Ryan to review and align on next year's plans across various teams. Maria Chelminska and Prateek Jajoo outlined TBT 2026's strategy, which includes a growth stream focused on expanding the SKU portfolio, revamping the signup page as a quick win, and a strategic launch of a \"pantry fresh\" product, alongside a retention stream focused on fully digital feeding guides, dashboard improvements, tailored cancellation deflection, and a plan recommendation engine. Someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2) and someone in Bread Sheeran (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2) detailed Factor's Q1 roadmap, constrained by the Shopify experiment outcome and new product development complexities, focusing on OTP launch iterations, new product development (mealshake and creatine) despite SKU flexibility issues, and integrating with the Factor app, while Beatrice Dimarucut presented Good Chop's H1 roadmap, prioritizing the OTP launch, a price value experiment to improve conversion/retention, and foundational work to clean up legacy code in the funnel. The participants also discussed integrating third-party tools like Beam for charity donations, Yachtpool for product ratings, and Incom for HelloFresh gift card partnerships.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Schedule and Meeting Logistics Beatrice Dimarucut set up the meeting to review and align on plans for the next year, aiming to identify overlaps and opportunities to combine courses for development and discovery. Maria Chelminska mentioned that their team's plan is fairly complete for the year, though changes are likely, with Q1 being closer to concrete (00:01:14). The discussion also briefly touched upon workplace conditions, as Maria Chelminska and Prateek Jajoo were meeting in a different building because the heating was broken in the main HelloFresh building in Berlin, which had been a long-term issue (00:00:00).\n\n* TBT 2026 Strategy and Streams Maria Chelminska confirmed that for 2026, the team will operate in two streams: a growth stream and a retention stream. These streams might have separate backlogs, and Maria Chelminska and Prateek Jajoo may focus more on one stream each (00:01:14). The growth stream will follow a setup with a main priority‚Äîa larger, strategically important initiative‚Äîand quick wins, which are smaller, sprint releases intended to motivate the team and maintain pace (00:02:39).\n\n* Growth Stream Initiatives (Q1) The growth stream will start the year by expanding the SKU portfolio, adding new calorie options for very small and very big dogs. A key initiative is the signup page revamp. Maria Chelminska stated that the current signup page, which uses a shared layout, has not been updated since its launch, and the goal is to improve it as a quick win to increase the intent to proceed by removing messages about add-ons that currently appear to be an upsell (00:02:39).\n\n* Strategic Priority: Pantry Fresh Product Launch A high-priority strategic project is expanding the product offering with a new product type called pantry fresh, which is a fresh product that does not require refrigeration. To prepare for this, the team is redesigning the existing p\n\n\n\nset up uh the integration. I'll keep you folks posted. is fairly straightforward in terms of how it's redeemed. And then we use cash credits that drop onto the HelloFresh accounts uh that the user can redeem in their next box. That's pretty much the the system there. So, if if somebody uh does pick this up, um I I think in at some point once it's live, uh I can see how Yuri and Lauron will get to this topic.\n\n \n\n \n\n01:21:47\n\n \n\nNikita Gorshkov: We can probably just reuse the whole system wholesale.\n\nMaria Chelminska: But a credit for sorry a gift card for HelloFresh can be also used for only used for HelloFresh.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Yes.\n\nAlison Ryan: Those\n\nNikita Gorshkov: But uh just imagine like you probably saw these same as the Xbox cards, the Amazon cards that you see in stores.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: physical.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Yeah.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Mhm.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Physical have a fresh group.\n\nMaria Chelminska: Yeah, I was maybe just thinking that it's going to be like a mult multibrand card and we can also benefit from\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Nice.\n\nAlison Ryan: are the dreams. Maria in\n\nNikita Gorshkov: All right, folks.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Nice.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Thank you so much for organizing this.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Yeah, I think at least we know more or less what everyone's doing. Hopefully it was useful. Um, yeah. Nice. And Nikita, do you have five minutes to say maybe Allison?\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Sure.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Okay, cool.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Right.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: All right. Thank you. Bye. Um, so we were gonna on Thursday like I was planning on sharing with like the the squad like the road map for next year and obviously like also would be good for them to get contacts on Shopify, but\n\nNikita Gorshkov: H I doubt it\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: I don't know how to like frame this without freaking people out that it might be a possibility that the web experience gets replaced.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: honestly that it will be that big of a risk uh right now. I think the way we can frame this and the way we should be framing it is for what it is. It's a way for us to much more rapidly experiment with the offer that we can provide to various customers and it's more\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 01:23:36\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-10-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-10",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "beatrice",
        "maria",
        "prateek",
        "hamed",
        "allison",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 8
    },
    {
      "title": "Weekly Prod/Des/Eng/PA",
      "doc_id": "1kXYg3IXwtWFL81EhPIkojTuD6Yubcg0IxqH4zUNGEcI",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXYg3IXwtWFL81EhPIkojTuD6Yubcg0IxqH4zUNGEcI/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøDec 1, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Naming of EasyFresh for active users\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\nSep 22, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Bug spotting with AI \n\n* Price test - pricing endpoints work next initiative\n\n* \n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPAST TOPICS: \n\n* topic for the All Paws - Sprig feedback overview\n\n* Estimation requests:\n\n   * Airdried 50% as cancellation deflection option\n\n   * surcharge experiment without duplicating the recipes\n\n   * Regional addon menu capability\n\n* Sprig issue\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMar 24, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska D√©sir√©e Lima\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Weekly check-in\n\n   * New fresh recipes: chicken to be done the ‚Äòlegacy‚Äô way, preference deprecation will be done before pork\n\n   * We might need to introduce a new feature depending on popularity of new pork recipe\n\n   * Box model: Max might reach out, as he came up with a multifaceted proposal\n\n* Bulk menu update: Guhan working on it with Max, sync scheduled for tomorrow\n\n* Cadence: Ahmed will hand it over to someone\n\n* Order confirmation page: design is ready\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Check the surcharge pricing options (check-in action item)\n\nFeb 24, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska Alexandra Karathanou D√©sir√©e Lima\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Allergies:\n\n   * backend dependency\n\n   * Step by step approach\n\n* Walmart launch: Store locator page ready TPT Walmart launch - Tech Product brainstorming\n\n   * Link in Footer under ‚ÄúHelp and Resources‚Äù \n\n   * Banner o on Homepage with a link to the store locator - what can we do?\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Check where the footer links are (Contentful or Applanga?)\n\n* Links are in Applanga\n\n* Create ticket for store locator redirection\n\n   * Notification to be picked up in the following sprint W11-W12\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 3, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska Alexandra Karathanou D√©sir√©e Lima\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Loyalty challenges - what is needed when we are implementing HF+ like programme - ‚Äúexit costs‚Äù\n\n   * Time component - challenges can expire\n\n* Deprecated component - escalation pathways, KTLO we are adding \n\n   * Complexity of the setup - how much tech work is needed to ma\n\n* Outdated UI \n\n* Loyalty definition \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\nJan 27, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska Alexandra Karathanou D√©sir√©e Lima\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Topper migration\n\n   * Adjust tracking events (send portion percentage?). Which events should we update? \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Alexandra Karathanouto add ticket and help us look into what needs to be changed to include the new `portion_percentage` value\n\n\n\n\n\n________________\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJan 20, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska Alexandra Karathanou D√©sir√©e Lima Ahmed Wagdi\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Free items - launch\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n________________\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJan 13, 2025 | Weekly TPT Prod/Des/Eng/PA\n\nAttendees: Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska Alexandra Karathanou D√©sir√©e Lima Ahmed Wagdi\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Air-dried test \n\n* [Desi] Free items\n\n   * Rollout for all users \n\n   * Potentially W4 \n\n   * Keep feature flag for now, we can clean up later - Desi to create clean up ticket\n\n* [Desi] Two step loading page\n\n   * Experiment \n\n   * Earliest launch W5\n\n   * Display the plan selection page change only to users allocated to experiment variation\n\n   * Alexia t\n\n\n\nagdi Pedro √Åvila Maria Chelminska\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Pedro √Åvilato break down tickets with Ahmed Wagdifor delay/reschedule\n\n* Precheckout meal selection experiment is saved\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n________________\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMar 4, 2024 | Weekly Prod/Des/Eng \n\nAttendees: Wellney Yarra Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Change quantity design\n\n   * CRM \n\n* DIY for Reschedule\n\n* Increase in multipet payment error\n\n* Precheckout meal selection\n\n* Maria‚Äôs onboarding\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Yarra to prepare Q2 candidates shortlist, team to bucket into Primary vs Secondary\n\n* Ahmed Wagdito prepare tickets for grooming for Apple Pay + experimentation\n\n\n\n\n\n________________\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 19, 2024 | Weekly Prod/Des/Eng \n\nAttendees: Wellney Yarra Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Delivery cadence investigation\n\n* Variable cadence still on track?\n\n* Quiz Feature RFC\n\n   * Might require us to also change the BE and use the survey service instead of NPS\n\n   * Our requirements\n\n      * Being able to have branching paths on the quiz\n\n      * Is the quiz UI customisable at all? E.g Can one brand choose to insert supporting text above/below the question, pet name etc.\n\n      * Ability to add questions easily\n\n* Show delaying/skipping/rescheduling feature to stakeholders for feedback\n\n* Scope: Adjust Quantity Feature: awaiting feedback from stakeholders\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\n________________\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nFeb 12, 2024 | Weekly Prod/Des/Eng \n\nAttendees: Wellney Yarra Ahmed Wagdi Pedro √Åvila\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Wallet\n\n   * Ahmed needs to figure out the header changes\n\n   * Show wallet to stakeholders on Wed \n\n   * Pedro √Åvilato flag what doesn‚Äôt work\n\n* Variable cadence\n\n   * If we‚Äôre tight on time we could also have a CTA redirect users from plan settings to dashboard modal instead of building out the plan settings entry point\n\n   * Cancellation deflection entry point:\n\n* Tech roadmap\n\n   * Ahmed Wagdito share confluence page\n\n   * Ahmed Wagdito slot milestones into TPT Roadmap Roadmap The Pets Table 2024\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* \n\n\n\nFeb 5, 2024 | Wellney / Ahmed\n\nAttendees: Wellney Yarra Ahmed Wagdi\n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n* Wallet for TPT\n\n* Tech roadmap\n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n* Ahmed Wagdito test multibox voucher and validate if this is leading to the change in multipet attribution\n\n* Ahmed Wagdito follow up with Mateusz on high-level estimates for variable cadence\n\n* Ahmed Wagdifill out tech roadmap",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-08-02.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-08",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "the pets table",
        "pets table",
        "tpt"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "maria",
        "yarra",
        "ahmed",
        "max"
      ],
      "filter_score": 7
    },
    {
      "title": "Nikita / Beatrice - 2025/12/08 17:31 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1fBlDZ35ruEQOmx2vFi4E1wIg9AW13XRoeZ5zlztX9aY",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fBlDZ35ruEQOmx2vFi4E1wIg9AW13XRoeZ5zlztX9aY/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 8, 2025\n\nNikita / Beatrice\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut\n\nAttachments Nikita / Beatrice \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nNikita Gorshkov outlined a plan to include a banner suggesting users try the marketplace beta for meat, featuring a one-off box for delivery with express checkout, to be included in the next delivery of dashboards. The team, including Beatrice Dimarucut and Nikita Gorshkov, discussed the technical implementation of one-time purchases (OTP) for active customers, weighing the ease of transferring addresses and choosing between using a proper endpoint or a redirect to Shopify. The main talking points focused on enabling OTP for active customers due to its low cost and potential revenue, which Beatrice Dimarucut agreed to move forward with using minimal UI work and a redirect to a plans page, pending confirmation with Alex.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Dashboards Delivery and Marketplace Banner Nikita Gorshkov introduced a plan for the next delivery involving dashboards, which would feature a banner suggesting users try the marketplace beta for meat earlier, leading to a full menu. The plan includes a specific banner for customers from a particular URL redirect that offers a one-off box for delivery in two days. Ideally, customer details like the address would transfer at checkout, potentially utilizing Shop Pay for express checkout (00:00:00).\n\n* Technical Implementation for One-Time Purchases (OTP) Beatrice Dimarucut questioned the ease of transferring addresses and raised the choice between directing customers to Shopify or using a proper endpoint for one-time purchases (OTP) (00:00:00). Nikita Gorshkov preferred using a proper endpoint if the effort was the same as directing to Shopify (00:01:22), though they noted that if using a redirect to Shopify was significantly cheaper (e.g., 20% of the cost) it would be worthwhile (00:02:18). Beatrice Dimarucut confirmed that if it is faster, they would use the redirect, but expressed concerns about order management and needing to keep an entry point to direct customers back from Shopify (00:01:22).\n\n* Leveraging Existing Prospect Experience Beatrice Dimarucut noted that the prospect experience already includes a component that redirects users with a one-time purchase order back to the plans page to order another box or subscribe. They concluded that after implementing this work for prospects, it would not be a significant effort to do the same for active customers if no UI changes are needed (00:02:18). Beatrice Dimarucut suggested it would be easier to do the implementation with the endpoint unless linking to specific occasion or preset boxes was required, which would involve more work (00:03:37).\n\n* Capability of OTP for Active Customers The team discussed setting the OTP for active customers as a deliverable for Q1, which Nikita Gorshkov confirmed was already planned. Beatrice Dimarucut expressed lower confidence in the impact compared to the former customer use case, but Nikita Gorshkov emphasized that if the capability is cheap to deliver, it should be enabled, especially since they already support OTP for prospects and ex-customers. Nikita Gorshkov concluded that enabling OTP for active customers is \"pure money,\" as it can potentially earn revenue without extra spending, even from a small number of customers (00:05:15). Beatrice Dimarucut agreed to move forward with the minimal UI work and redirect to a plans page with the OTP option as the first iteration, which they would confirm with Alex (00:05:15).\n\n* Upcoming Abs\n\n\n\n.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Yeah. So I yeah I I I think I just didn't outline it in the the doc because like formers and prospects seems like in my view like the yeah the bigger use cases but there's nothing stopping us I think.\n\n \n\n \n\n00:05:15\n\n \n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Um why did you have this in mind that like to set it as a deliverable for H1 I mean like\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Well, it already for Q1. Yeah, it was already there, but it's okay. Um, yeah. Fine.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: yeah I from a technical perspective I don't think it's much work it's more just like I think from the use case perspective like I have I know I have lower confidence that it would do better than for example like former's use case.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: I think it's the wrong way to think about maybe I would think about this as sure the impact might not be there but I think the capability if it's cheap to deliver it the capability should be there if\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Mhm.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: you have already the possibility to have OTP for prospects so for new customers or for ex customers. There's absolutely zero reason for you not to enable it for um uh for activives, especially if we don't have and we don't have any support for um uh for activives uh sorry for for discounts. Any customer, even if it's two customers, it's still 700 bucks potentially that you could earn without spending a dime.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Mhm. Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: It's pure money.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Yeah. Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Um, and we can work and see and get feedback from customers. That's my\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Yeah. So I I I think if like the very first iteration is literally just to like expose this like minimal UI work and then you know redirect them back to um a plans page with the OTP option. Like I don't think that's a big lift. I can double check with Alex. If we're trying to link it with like maybe a slightly different product, so you know, occasion boxes, preset boxes, then that would be more work. But for the first one, like yeah, fair enough. I think we could do it first.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Nice.\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut: Okay, let me have a think where to place that. All right. Okay. Anything else?\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Cool. Nope.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:08:05\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-09-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-09",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "otp",
        "one-time purchase",
        "occasion boxes",
        "occasion box"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "beatrice",
        "alex",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 7
    },
    {
      "title": "Nikita / Prateek (Deep Dive) - 2025/12/05 13:04 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1ZrH9rh9OO4FWLwVYdzufa3KLqOQroasXNlOYRhiHiWk",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZrH9rh9OO4FWLwVYdzufa3KLqOQroasXNlOYRhiHiWk/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 5, 2025\n\nNikita / Prateek (Deep Dive)\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Prateek Jajoo\n\nAttachments Nikita / Prateek (Deep Dive) \n\nMeeting records Recording \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nNikita Gorshkov and Prateek Jajoo discussed content strategy and app development, acknowledging a weak history in content but recognizing the potential of an app to measure and communicate pet health improvements to users, with the goal of improving social proof and retention. They agreed on the need to define the smallest possible product and to test ideas by understanding pet owners' top worries through a survey, which Nikita Gorshkov confirmed the commercial team can easily incorporate into existing surveys. Prateek Jajoo inquired about the power user demographics, whom Nikita Gorshkov identified as \"dinks\" in metro areas, with high annual spending on their pets.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Content Strategy and App Development Nikita Gorshkov noted the company's weak history in content strategies and daily active user increases, which makes them cautious about investing heavily in content, despite recognizing the interest. They suggested finding easy ways to show users that their products improve pet health, which can then be used as social proof on the website. Prateek Jajoo connected this idea to the potential basis for a pet app, which Nikita Gorshkov affirmed could be a strong idea.\n\n* Testing Ideas and Customer Concerns Nikita Gorshkov emphasized the need to define the smallest possible product and, more importantly, to test interesting ideas to build confidence before committing significant resources. Prateek Jajoo suggested understanding the top five worries or thoughts a pet owner has about their pet to ensure that any app features or solutions address what customers truly care about, thus driving daily usage and engagement. Nikita Gorshkov agreed that providing basic tracking capabilities should be offered not only to active customers but potentially to any pet owners who download the app.\n\n* Surveying Pet Owners To understand customer thoughts, Prateek Jajoo suggested running a survey. Nikita Gorshkov confirmed that the commercial team already runs a survey every two weeks or monthly, and it would be easy to add additional questions due to a good response rate. They shared the contact of Lindsay within the TPT team, who typically runs these in-depth surveys, and offered to add Prateek Jajoo for visibility, mentioning that the latest one they had access to was from August.\n\n* Target Customer Demographics and Spending Prateek Jajoo inquired about the demographics of the power user customer. Nikita Gorshkov identified the power users as \"dinks\" (Dual Income, No Kids) in metro areas, who have the time, energy, and desire to pamper their pets with fresh frozen food, considering the increase in dog ownership and the perception of pets as children. Nikita Gorshkov noted that the average spend in the US per dog is $1.6k per year, emphasizing that this is a lot of money and the highest amount globally.\n\n* Customer Connection and Health Measurement Prateek Jajoo discussed the emotional attachment and time spent with a dog, suggesting owners would notice improvements in health or appearance, but proposed that the company should help measure and communicate those improvements rather than waiting for the customer to figure it out. Nikita Gorshkov agreed with the sentiment and suggested that Prateek Jajoo speak with Yara, who owns a dog named Boba and represents a good middle ground for their target audience, as she ensures their pet is healthy and happy. Prateek Jajoo connected this idea of measuring and communicating health improvements to solving the retention problem, comparing it to the high utility of services like Amazon Prime.\n\n* Next Steps and Design Bandwidth Prateek Jajoo stated that they would start working on the login page and write a one-pager for review to plan stage one and stage two for a quick win within one sprint. Prateek Jajoo expressed concern about Katrina's bandwidth for the design work. Nikita Gorshkov confirmed they are working to ensure Katrina has the necessary bandwidth and is pushing back on distractions from their senior director.\n\n\n\n\n\nSuggested next steps\n\n* Prateek Jajoo will start work on the login page and write a one-pager to review and make stage one and stage two plans for a quick win within one sprint.\n\n* Nikita Gorshkov will help Prateek Jajoo navigate where to find the survey and related information by sending the contact for Lindsay and adding Prateek Jajoo to the TPT team for visibility on the surveys.\n\n* Prateek Jajoo will work with the designer Katrina to ensure the right questions are being asked in the survey to get the right information.\n\n* Nikita Gorshkov will ensure that Katrina has the bandwidth for the design work.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes\n\nPlease provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a short survey.\n\n\n============================================================\n## EMAIL CONTENTS\n============================================================\n\n----------------------------------------\n### EMAIL: SE-22404 Refunds via OWL do not seem to be triggered for Charge at Checkout customers\nID: 19aeeef333b26a87\nFrom: Beatrice Dimarucut <jira@hellofresh.atlassian.net>\n----------------------------------------\n\n‚Äî-‚Äî-‚Äî-‚Äî\n\n\n\nReply above this line.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBeatrice Dimarucut commented:\n\n\n\nhi team - are there any new findings here?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nView request: https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/9/SE-22404?token=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0Z3QiOiJhbm9ueW1vdXMtbGluayIsInFzaCI6IjU3ODUzYThkZWNjNmMzYjM0MWU5MmVhMmY1Y2FlODExMWVkN2VmOGRjNjUwNTY1YTllNTgwMDQ2MTQ2ZWQzMzQiLCJpc3MiOiJzZXJ2aWNlZGVzay1qd3QtdG9rZW4taXNzdWVyIiwiY29udGV4dCI6eyJ1c2VyIjoiNjMxODMiLCJpc3N1ZSI6IlNFLTIyNDA0In0sImV4cCI6MTc2NzM2NDM5MiwiaWF0IjoxNzY0OTQ1MTkyfQ.9wPIiOFk66QMjDRHedB5gihYjkugDQaWntEFWo9kvVg&sda_source=notification-email\n\n\n\nTurn off this request's notifications: https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/9/SE-22404/unsubscribe?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0Z3QiOiJhbm9ueW1vdXMtbGluayIsInFzaCI6IjVlNDM2ZGQyNzgyZGE1ODkxMTg2N2M5NzI2M2ZhZjkzMTc1OWJlYjRjNDBiZTBlNzhiMWJhODc5ZDg5NTQxNmQiLCJpc3MiOiJzZXJ2aWNlZGVzay1qd3QtdG9rZW4taXNzdWVyIiwiY29udGV4dCI6eyJ1c2VyIjoiZjI2ZTI1ODgtNWFkNy00ZjMwLTg1MDctN2Q2ZGRkMTYxMGI1IiwiaXNzdWUiOiJTRS0yMjQwNCJ9LCJleHAiOjE3NjczNjQzOTIsImlhdCI6MTc2NDk0NTE5Mn0.kas-5j_6FSOV_5pEQ-U_r8290lKkgdlD_eBcyYVKkZ4\n\n\n\nThis is shared with Beatrice Dimarucut, Nikita Gorshkov, Shishir Mishra, and Alexander Matlin\n\n\n\n------------------------------\n\nPowered by Jira Service Management\n\nhttps://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/service-desk/powered-by?utm_medium=jira-in-product&utm_source=jira_service_desk_email_footer&utm_content=hellofresh\n\n\n\n\n----------------------------------------\n### EMAIL: Notes: ‚ÄúNikita / Prateek (Deep Dive)‚Äù Dec 5, 2025\nID: 19aee849b6c7c509\nFrom: Gemini <gemini-notes@google.com>\n----------------------------------------\n\nNotes from ‚ÄúNikita / Prateek (Deep Dive)‚Äù\n\n\n\nThese notes have been sent to invited guests in your organization.\n\n\n\nOpen meeting notes\n\n\n\nThe content was auto-generated on December 5, 2025, 1:36 PM CET and may  \n\ncontain errors.\n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\n\n\nNikita Gorshkov and Prateek Jajoo discussed content strategy and app  \n\ndevelopment, acknowledging a weak history in content but recognizing the  \n\npotential of an app to measure and communicate pet health improvements to  \n\nusers, with the goal of improving social proof and retention. They agreed  \n\non the need to define the smallest possible product and to test ideas by  \n\nunderstanding pet owners' top worries through a survey, which Nikita  \n\nGorshkov confirmed the commercial team can easily incorporate into existing  \n\nsurveys. Prateek Jajoo inquired about the power user demographics, whom  \n\nNikita Gorshkov identified as \"dinks\" in metro areas, with high annual  \n\nspending on their pets.\n\n\n\n\n\nSuggested next steps\n\n\n\n\n\nPrateek Jajoo will start work on the login page and write a one-pager to  \n\nreview and make stage one and stage two plans for a quick win within one  \n\nsprint.\n\n\n\nNikita Gorshkov will help Prateek Jajoo navigate where to find the survey  \n\nand related information by sending the contact for Lindsay and adding  \n\nPrateek Jajoo to the TPT team for visibility on the surveys.\n\n\n\nPrateek Jajoo will work with the designer Katrina to ensure the right  \n\nquestions are being asked in the survey to get the right information.\n\n\n\nNikita Gorshkov will ensure that Katrina has the bandwidth for the design  \n\nwork.\n\n\n\n\n\nMeeting records Document Notes by Gemini\n\n\n\n\n\nWas this email useful?\n\nNot Useful Email Useful Email\n\n\n\n\n\nGoogle LLC, 1600 Ampitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA\n\n\n\nYou have received this email because meeting artifacts were initiated in  \n\nGoogle Meet.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n----------------------------------------\n### EMAIL: Re: Incorrect English copy on store DE iOS\nID: 19aee8076b0fc08e\nFrom: Illia Starkov <illia.starkov@hellofresh.com>\n----------------------------------------\n\n[No readable text content found]\n\n\n----------------------------------------\n### EMAIL: Re: Incorrect English copy on store DE iOS\nID: 19aee644f5c56b52\nFrom: Marlene Rosner <marlene.rosner@hellofresh.com>\n----------------------------------------\n\n[No readable text content found]\n\n\n============================================================\nEND OF RAW DATA\n============================================================\n\nInstructions for Claude Code:\nSynthesize the above into AI_Guidance/Core_Context/YYYY-MM-DD-context.md\nIMPORTANT: STRICTLY IGNORE any content, meeting notes, decisions, or updates dated before 2025-06-08 (6 months ago).\nExtract: Key decisions, action items, blockers, metrics, important dates (only recent).\nFormat: NGO-style bullets, structured sections\n============================================================\n## JIRA UPDATES (-12h)\n============================================================\n\n[RTEVMS-2291] [OTP] Remove otp product cart on logout (Status: In Progress, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25532] Recipe rating nudge - add WL and failure reasons to dashboard (Status: In Progress, Priority: High)\n[PA-25541] [VMS] Email Conversion Uptick | W48 Deep Dive (Status: In Progress, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25461] [VMS] Cancellation Dashboard | Add Reasons (Status: Backlog, Priority: Normal)\n[TPT-2407] Add new quick action card with RAF entry  (Status: In Progress, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-24921] Ad Personalization | Metric Design (Status: In Progress, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25510] X-Sell SLT check-in end of Nov (Status: In Review, Priority: High)\n[PA-25495] RTE WO Start tab update (Status: In Review, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-23725] [Micro Funnels WL] Build pipeline / Dashboard Integration (Status: Backlog, Priority: Normal)\n[PA-25116] Priority 3 (With Elysium): Recipe rating_Origin data  (Status: In Progress, Priority: Normal)",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-05-02.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-05",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "tpt",
        "vms",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "beatrice",
        "prateek",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 6
    },
    {
      "title": "Notes - Shopping & NV Team Leads Weekly",
      "doc_id": "1DuH_UMeVuT7YvExr8dh6ZL36MzfkmZKYo3SUk7pR0z4",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DuH_UMeVuT7YvExr8dh6ZL36MzfkmZKYo3SUk7pR0z4/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøDec 10, 2025\n\n1. Round robin download:\n\n   1. Jama catching up, Q1 planning happy and has more plans for personalisation with Tushar\n\n   2. Mert, not super comfy because refinement and dependency followups needed - Mert has session in flight for next week. \n\n      1. Generally, Mert would like to undercommit,and deliver rather than risking overcommitting and under delivering. He is following up with PMs\n\n      2. CTA have your top 3 items per team (be dogmatic ) and be sure the are the right top three, anything after that it‚Äôs ok to drop or fail\n\n   3. Gabriel, flag fragments between new org structure and old lack of structure. Meaning it‚Äôs now hard to get clarity as there is no experience on what is needed for Elysium KTLO. This will impact realistic Q1 estimates but will get better with time, now it‚Äôs partly guesswork\n\n   4. Fernando raises concerns on Personalisation, no roadmap that he knows of. Tushar is planning for this especially with Search (Jama said so, and then Tushar said so too) - overall still figuring it out and hyper aware of AI and GridDynamics solution. Fernando flagging that as we learn more, like reprios needed\n\n      1. Holger: happy with EOQ working search outcome[a], potential shared wins with Remy and cookbook\n\n      2. Personalisation excluding search (Fernando‚Äôs root concern): eg a for you personalised widget needs a BE\n\n         1. Mert clarifies that new For You category is ‚Äòthis weeks menu‚Äô category using Food Systems logic\n\n         2. Jama Musse on followups for future meetings on this topic\n\n   5. Nikita, TPT conversion / retention split should 1:1:1 indication be there?\n\n      1. The gotya is these aren‚Äôt just squads but rather business, so 1:1:1 can‚Äôt always apply - autonomous calibration based on needs recommended, base on top prios\n\n      2. If hitting wall, escalate\n\n   6. Priyank, has a new KPI proposal  Shopping Platform - Vision 2026/KPIs  Miro\n\n      1. CTA comment on the doc\n\n   7. Jenna, backfilling David for New Ventures\n\n      1. Will open Marina backfill for GoodChop\n\n   8. Jama flagged pressure on Elysium timeline on rollouts for WL UMK brands, all want to get to 500 meals ASAP\n\n      1. CTA Taking offline MErt, Gabriel and Jama connect\n\n   9. Adhoc market launch M&As coming up:\n\n      1. 2-3 weeks likely coming in the door\n\n      2. Factor Market launching in FR EOY 2026\n\n         1. TBD what team does this sit with now\n\n            1. Fernando recommends agentic launch :P \n\n   10. Mert raises cancellation funnel ownership:\n\n      1. \n\n\n\n2. (Holger) Sprint review, tribe demos\n\n   1. CTA 5th Jan expectation that everyone starts\n\n   2. Reporting Week 2, 4, 6, etc\n\n   3. Nikita investigating automation for a bunch of this\n\n3. (Holger) Client platform / Acceleration topics: CI pipeline, Localisation, RN migration, Web unification, snowplow, accessibility\n\n4. Meta Backlog for Q1 decided MBL candidates: Q1-2026\n\n\n\n\n\nNov 19, 2025\n\n1. Q1 planning, updates / links?\n\n   1. High-level Shopping Foundation Roadmap 2026 \n\n   2. SJ/SF Effort / Capacity\n\n2. Any blockers / support needed for P500?\n\n   1. Ongoing updates in Slack\n\n   2. P500 - Shopping Foundations and Journeys \n\n3. Elysium status update\n\n4. Team channels: Please cross reference to ensure nobody from your teams is left out üëÄ\n\n   1. #consumer-mega-alliance\n\n   2. #cma-shopping-new-ventures-team\n\n5. Early and Often update\n\n   1. Every Thursday, fixed slot. Product and Design feedback round, Jenna + Jama attendance promised ;) \n\n   2. #cma-shopping-new-ventures-feedback\n\n\n\n(P500 Menu planning) P500 planning ramp-up\n\nNov 12, 2025\n\n   1. [Jama] P500 Readiness- Performance and User experience \n\n   2. [Jama] Elysium event budget \n\n   3. [Jama] Q1 planning kick off- November 28th finalization \n\n   4. [Daniel] RTE mobile app ownership handover past 2025\n\n   5. [Luiz] Shopping - Foundation movement update\n\n\n\n\n\n(Holger)\n\n   * Consumer mega alliance - Engineering strategy 2026\n\n   * AI pilot squads\n\nWoCo approval in preparation\n\nThis week / next:\n\n   * Seating\n\n   * Squad overview\n\n   * WoW operating model Hellotech\n\n   * Meta Backlog\n\nNov 4, 2025 \n\n\n\n\n\nNotes\n\n   1. Yearly Planning \n\n   1. [To update] Plans aimed to be finalised by Oct 30th\n\n   2. [To discuss & decide] Recommending a shareout by team, facilitated by leads\n\n   3. Q1 Planning to be completed by November 27th\n\n   1. Q1 plans to include December this time for new teams  \n\n   2. Feedback\n\n   1. [To capture] Any actionable feedback from the past week(s) of change?\n\n   3. Squad constitution\n\n   1. Kick-off\n\n   2. Works council approval expected 1.12. Latest, we can start now, expect some ambiguity until approval in tools \n\n\n\n\n\nAction items\n\n   * \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n[a]GoodChop also has search improvements in the roadmap for Q1, @nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com maybe we can join forces to deliver for both brands?",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-10-02.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-10",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "new ventures",
        "goodchop",
        "tpt"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "daniel",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 6
    },
    {
      "title": "Good Chop tech sync up",
      "doc_id": "1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøGood Chop tech sync up \n\n2025-12-17\n\n* c@c refunds | will try to fix Dec 18 \n\n   * Data pull impacted customers (non-refunded customers)\n\n* otp | live order test dec 17 ‚Üí W3/4 launch\n\n   * Pricing consumed (2 devs + max) at least 1.5 sprints \n\n   * Becca sick \n\n* value test\n\n   * Eta: ~w5\n\n* Silo visibility - Bea to follow up\n\n* Marina‚Äôs delivery image \n\n* Reactivations insights from the group\n\n* Business recap format Jan\n\n   * Use Miro screenshots\n\n* PTO\n\n   * Alex W52 out, In: Mon/Tue (29/30) out: 31-12th\n\n   * Yury: 2nd, 5th, 6th + public hols\n\n* PA tickets\n\n   * [Prio 1 - needs to be completed by end Jan]: Investigate AOR data change based on Global Actives dashboard\n\n   * [Prio 2]: Fix trial box dashboard\n\n\n\n\n\n2025-12-11\n\n* OTP\n\n   * Mid-end next week ‚Üí test live orders + GTM flows\n\n   * Til EOY: ^ + finish funnel work\n\n   * Post-checkout: still mid-January \n\n* C@C\n\n   * Still only 10%\n\n   * Nikita to escalate\n\n* Benefits\n\n   * % based discount ‚Üí how to display? Total savings in $ ‚Üí Learn more ‚Üí then % breakdown\n\n   * Free add on value\n\n* Business recap format Jan\n\n* Customer moderated interviews\n\n2025-12-04\n\n* OTP\n\n   * W50 EOW to validate AdTech (marketing signals)\n\n   * CRM email set up:\n\n      * Order Confirmation should be quick (<1 hr)\n\n      * Lead exclusions will be more work (1-2 days)\n\n* C@C\n\n   * Update primary metric as total delivered orders; net activations\n\n   * Refunds seem to work via BOB but not Owl\n\n* PA \n\n   * P0: TB profitability analysis\n\n      * Previously before TB we had Give & Get\n\n      * Factual Global Actives Retention dashboard now sees lower boxes than before. Dropped also for historical numbers (previously it would go up to AOR=2, now for same time period (Q1 2024 for 52W it‚Äôs 1.2).\n\n         * Data pipelines changed for everyone so hypothesis that this caused the drop\n\n   * TB dashboard\n\n   * Cadence dashboard\n\n   * Box tenure dashboard - got deprecated \n\n2025-11-18\n\n* Roadmap review\n\n   * Goals for this sprint\n\n      * Launch C@C\n\n      * Complete OTP until order creation \n\n      * Ticket breakdown for OTP Dashboard and Graduation\n\n* C@C \n\n   * Blocked ‚Üí The Price service returns Description field empty for MR and KN, but correct value for HF US\n\n      * Meeting payment and pricing team at 5pm today Alexander Matlin\n\n* OTP\n\n   * ODL setup ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n   * Ads attribution ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n      * Noah Parker mention there should be no changes from current setup\n\n      * Need to test once we can create OTP order in staging (target W48)\n\n   * CRM ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n      * Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus confirm OTP checkout event will fire from send_checkout_confirmation and not from new_ventures_order_confirmation\n\n   * Graduation\n\n      * Recommendation to just select 1 graduation voucher since customers anyway can use any acquisition voucher ‚Äì align with Yury Trofimov\n\n* 2026 FP\n\n   * Retention as focus ‚Äì trending 2.9\n\n   * Lower CAC YoY by increase CVR (18%)\n\n   * Box count increase 8%\n\n   * Q1 as a barometer to refocus\n\n2025-11-12\n\n* P1 topics\n\n   * OTP solution proposal: integrate proper COS endpoint OTP MVP Decision Log\n\n      * OTP endpoint downstream impact. Sample SCMx\n\n      * CRM flows\n\n      * HF Reactivation flow\n\n   * Business guidance for 2026\n\n      * * P2 topics\n\n   * Timer in activation funnel should be removed\n\n   * Update on Shopify discussions\n\n      * How will it work with Shopify team? What support is needed from us?\n\n* Failed payments\n\n   * With 2 customers they were not available in data extension\n\n   * Other customers they were\n\n   * Thread - Yury Trofimovto clarify issues\n\n* Wallet - bann\n\n\n\nhttps://hellofresh.slack.com/archives/C017E0Z1207/p1723191473331269\n\n[q]@alexander.matlin@hellofresh.com share designs with Yury\n\n[r]We don't have designs yet\n\n[s]@alexander.matlin@hellofresh.com - we need to adjust the behaviour, but this depends on the number of customers impacted (if this will skew experiment results), if exposure is limited i am not confident we need to change this now.\n\n[t]We don't show cut selection for preset plans on dashboard.\n\n[u]I will double check with Cori\n\n[v]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[w]@yt@hellofresh.com\n\n[x]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[y]yury to align with seb\n\n[z]YT: the header jumps between Framer and actual WL. can we make consistent?\n\n[aa]can we condense the spacing so that each sections CTA\n\n[ab]YT: could we make content pages more visible on Mobile\n\n[ac]Takeaways: 1. don't show cut details 2. have multivariate test 3. optimise on pc2 4. customers can move to custom whether it's a. on dashboard or b. on plan settings -> depends on effort\n\n[ad]take convo async\n\n[ae]aligned\n\n[af]yes\n\n[ag]1. See where we can minimise white space to make sure that CTA is above the fold\n\n2. Make CTA sticky\n\n[ah]follow-up with Seb\n\n[ai]YT: legal issue since its not most popular\n\n\n\n\n\ninstead let's move to Best Value\n\n[aj]if we switch off XL for now, L should be \"Best Value\"\n\n[ak]if we are keeping XL, move \"Best Value\" to XL\n\n[al]YT: we've lost the content to further explain\n\n[am]@brigita.angkasa@hellofresh.com\n\n[an]@jhe@hellofresh.com virality is kicking off addons as a reward with the voucher squad today\n\n[ao]to be confirmed by Yury\n\n[ap]Yarra: \n\nWe'll work on giving you ETA at the end of the sprint since \n\n@vini\n\nneeds to complete the bootstrap part to estimate the deliverables. Let's circle back on Aug 29th\n\n[aq]fyi @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n[ar]@yt@hellofresh.com included the Order Confirmation designs here. Let me know if you have additional feedback.\n\n[as]Double check\n\n[at]How did the marketing mix evolve since last year? Would that also impact the retention? @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to yt@hellofresh.com_\n\n[au]How many people convert from the homepage as an entry point?\n\n[av]meal choice & monetization\n\n[aw]Yarra Welney\n\n[ax]check with AP + Dovas for case\n\n[ay]Yury to share deck of pics @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to yt@hellofresh.com_",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-18-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-18",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "yarra",
        "alex",
        "max",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 6
    }
  ],
  "doc_count": 7,
  "total_chars": 45890
}