{
  "batch_id": "meeting_081",
  "doc_type": "meeting",
  "documents": [
    {
      "title": "Good Chop tech sync up",
      "doc_id": "1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøGood Chop tech sync up \n\n2025-12-11\n\n* C@C\n\n* Customer moderated interviews\n\n2025-12-04\n\n* OTP\n\n   * W50 EOW to validate AdTech (marketing signals)\n\n   * CRM email set up:\n\n      * Order Confirmation should be quick (<1 hr)\n\n      * Lead exclusions will be more work (1-2 days)\n\n* C@C\n\n   * Update primary metric as total delivered orders; net activations\n\n   * Refunds seem to work via BOB but not Owl\n\n* PA \n\n   * P0: TB profitability analysis\n\n      * Previously before TB we had Give & Get\n\n      * Factual Global Actives Retention dashboard now sees lower boxes than before. Dropped also for historical numbers (previously it would go up to AOR=2, now for same time period (Q1 2024 for 52W it‚Äôs 1.2).\n\n         * Data pipelines changed for everyone so hypothesis that this caused the drop\n\n   * TB dashboard\n\n   * Cadence dashboard\n\n   * Box tenure dashboard - got deprecated \n\n2025-11-18\n\n* Roadmap review\n\n   * Goals for this sprint\n\n      * Launch C@C\n\n      * Complete OTP until order creation \n\n      * Ticket breakdown for OTP Dashboard and Graduation\n\n* C@C \n\n   * Blocked ‚Üí The Price service returns Description field empty for MR and KN, but correct value for HF US\n\n      * Meeting payment and pricing team at 5pm today Alexander Matlin\n\n* OTP\n\n   * ODL setup ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n   * Ads attribution ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n      * Noah Parker mention there should be no changes from current setup\n\n      * Need to test once we can create OTP order in staging (target W48)\n\n   * CRM ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n      * Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus confirm OTP checkout event will fire from send_checkout_confirmation and not from new_ventures_order_confirmation\n\n   * Graduation\n\n      * Recommendation to just select 1 graduation voucher since customers anyway can use any acquisition voucher ‚Äì align with Yury Trofimov\n\n* 2026 FP\n\n   * Retention as focus ‚Äì trending 2.9\n\n   * Lower CAC YoY by increase CVR (18%)\n\n   * Box count increase 8%\n\n   * Q1 as a barometer to refocus\n\n2025-11-12\n\n* P1 topics\n\n   * OTP solution proposal: integrate proper COS endpoint OTP MVP Decision Log\n\n      * OTP endpoint downstream impact. Sample SCMx\n\n      * CRM flows\n\n      * HF Reactivation flow\n\n   * Business guidance for 2026\n\n      * * P2 topics\n\n   * Timer in activation funnel should be removed\n\n   * Update on Shopify discussions\n\n      * How will it work with Shopify team? What support is needed from us?\n\n* Failed payments\n\n   * With 2 customers they were not available in data extension\n\n   * Other customers they were\n\n   * Thread - Yury Trofimovto clarify issues\n\n* Wallet - banner\n\n   * &c_comms=PERCENT\n\n      * Free Ribeye for Life + 20% off [--> now: $ 25.5 value]\n\n      * example\n\n      * Doesn‚Äôt work only when it‚Äôs a combo discount (with for life)\n\n   * $X off across boxes ; open to testing\n\n2025-11-05\n\n* Roadmap review\n\n   * C@C\n\n      * Blocked by payment \n\n         * 1 slow response on their end point - latency resolved\n\n         * 2 Subscription ‚Äúpending‚Äù state persistent \n\n         * 3 Do not pass errors on the front-end \n\n* Menu pricing \n\n   * Fine to push to January -- after Black Friday, Thanksgiving, etc. More representative on price sensitivity \n\n* Checkbox\n\n   * React - all established brands have for NY / CA \n\n   * Funnel - rolled out to 100%\n\n      * Relaunched as Experiment on Nov 4 50/50 checkbox + no collapsed vs checkbox + collapsed\n\n* 2 weeks test: no more allocation \n\n* OTP\n\n   * Funnel work is done, 80 SP remaining for post checkout \n\n   * Considering using the new OTP end point\n\n      * Pros: \n\n         * No need to handle CRM hacks\n\n         * Less (reputation + legal) risk w\n\n\n\nhttps://hellofresh.slack.com/archives/C017E0Z1207/p1723191473331269\n\n[q]@alexander.matlin@hellofresh.com share designs with Yury\n\n[r]We don't have designs yet\n\n[s]@alexander.matlin@hellofresh.com - we need to adjust the behaviour, but this depends on the number of customers impacted (if this will skew experiment results), if exposure is limited i am not confident we need to change this now.\n\n[t]We don't show cut selection for preset plans on dashboard.\n\n[u]I will double check with Cori\n\n[v]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[w]@yt@hellofresh.com\n\n[x]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[y]yury to align with seb\n\n[z]YT: the header jumps between Framer and actual WL. can we make consistent?\n\n[aa]can we condense the spacing so that each sections CTA\n\n[ab]YT: could we make content pages more visible on Mobile\n\n[ac]Takeaways: 1. don't show cut details 2. have multivariate test 3. optimise on pc2 4. customers can move to custom whether it's a. on dashboard or b. on plan settings -> depends on effort\n\n[ad]take convo async\n\n[ae]aligned\n\n[af]yes\n\n[ag]1. See where we can minimise white space to make sure that CTA is above the fold\n\n2. Make CTA sticky\n\n[ah]follow-up with Seb\n\n[ai]YT: legal issue since its not most popular\n\n\n\n\n\ninstead let's move to Best Value\n\n[aj]if we switch off XL for now, L should be \"Best Value\"\n\n[ak]if we are keeping XL, move \"Best Value\" to XL\n\n[al]YT: we've lost the content to further explain\n\n[am]@brigita.angkasa@hellofresh.com\n\n[an]@jhe@hellofresh.com virality is kicking off addons as a reward with the voucher squad today\n\n[ao]to be confirmed by Yury\n\n[ap]Yarra: \n\nWe'll work on giving you ETA at the end of the sprint since \n\n@vini\n\nneeds to complete the bootstrap part to estimate the deliverables. Let's circle back on Aug 29th\n\n[aq]fyi @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n[ar]@yt@hellofresh.com included the Order Confirmation designs here. Let me know if you have additional feedback.\n\n[as]Double check\n\n[at]How did the marketing mix evolve since last year? Would that also impact the retention? @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to yt@hellofresh.com_\n\n[au]How many people convert from the homepage as an entry point?\n\n[av]meal choice & monetization\n\n[aw]Yarra Welney\n\n[ax]check with AP + Dovas for case\n\n[ay]Yury to share deck of pics @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to yt@hellofresh.com_",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-11-02.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-11",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "yarra",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "Good Chop tech sync up",
      "doc_id": "1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dEfJdDCLSOC_2Vf25oDtCQ2ypyHt1p3oF9vCRqu6j4I/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "ÔªøGood Chop tech sync up \n\n2025-12-15\n\n* Business recap format Jan\n\n* 2025-12-11\n\n* OTP\n\n   * Mid-end next week ‚Üí test live orders + GTM flows\n\n   * Til EOY: ^ + finish funnel work\n\n   * Post-checkout: still mid-January \n\n* C@C\n\n   * Still only 10%\n\n   * Nikita to escalate\n\n* Benefits\n\n   * % based discount ‚Üí how to display? Total savings in $ ‚Üí Learn more ‚Üí then % breakdown\n\n   * Free add on value\n\n* Business recap format Jan\n\n* Customer moderated interviews\n\n2025-12-04\n\n* OTP\n\n   * W50 EOW to validate AdTech (marketing signals)\n\n   * CRM email set up:\n\n      * Order Confirmation should be quick (<1 hr)\n\n      * Lead exclusions will be more work (1-2 days)\n\n* C@C\n\n   * Update primary metric as total delivered orders; net activations\n\n   * Refunds seem to work via BOB but not Owl\n\n* PA \n\n   * P0: TB profitability analysis\n\n      * Previously before TB we had Give & Get\n\n      * Factual Global Actives Retention dashboard now sees lower boxes than before. Dropped also for historical numbers (previously it would go up to AOR=2, now for same time period (Q1 2024 for 52W it‚Äôs 1.2).\n\n         * Data pipelines changed for everyone so hypothesis that this caused the drop\n\n   * TB dashboard\n\n   * Cadence dashboard\n\n   * Box tenure dashboard - got deprecated \n\n2025-11-18\n\n* Roadmap review\n\n   * Goals for this sprint\n\n      * Launch C@C\n\n      * Complete OTP until order creation \n\n      * Ticket breakdown for OTP Dashboard and Graduation\n\n* C@C \n\n   * Blocked ‚Üí The Price service returns Description field empty for MR and KN, but correct value for HF US\n\n      * Meeting payment and pricing team at 5pm today Alexander Matlin\n\n* OTP\n\n   * ODL setup ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n   * Ads attribution ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n      * Noah Parker mention there should be no changes from current setup\n\n      * Need to test once we can create OTP order in staging (target W48)\n\n   * CRM ‚úÖ(thread)\n\n      * Vinicius Fernandes de Jesus confirm OTP checkout event will fire from send_checkout_confirmation and not from new_ventures_order_confirmation\n\n   * Graduation\n\n      * Recommendation to just select 1 graduation voucher since customers anyway can use any acquisition voucher ‚Äì align with Yury Trofimov\n\n* 2026 FP\n\n   * Retention as focus ‚Äì trending 2.9\n\n   * Lower CAC YoY by increase CVR (18%)\n\n   * Box count increase 8%\n\n   * Q1 as a barometer to refocus\n\n2025-11-12\n\n* P1 topics\n\n   * OTP solution proposal: integrate proper COS endpoint OTP MVP Decision Log\n\n      * OTP endpoint downstream impact. Sample SCMx\n\n      * CRM flows\n\n      * HF Reactivation flow\n\n   * Business guidance for 2026\n\n      * * P2 topics\n\n   * Timer in activation funnel should be removed\n\n   * Update on Shopify discussions\n\n      * How will it work with Shopify team? What support is needed from us?\n\n* Failed payments\n\n   * With 2 customers they were not available in data extension\n\n   * Other customers they were\n\n   * Thread - Yury Trofimovto clarify issues\n\n* Wallet - banner\n\n   * &c_comms=PERCENT\n\n      * Free Ribeye for Life + 20% off [--> now: $ 25.5 value]\n\n      * example\n\n      * Doesn‚Äôt work only when it‚Äôs a combo discount (with for life)\n\n   * $X off across boxes ; open to testing\n\n2025-11-05\n\n* Roadmap review\n\n   * C@C\n\n      * Blocked by payment \n\n         * 1 slow response on their end point - latency resolved\n\n         * 2 Subscription ‚Äúpending‚Äù state persistent \n\n         * 3 Do not pass errors on the front-end \n\n* Menu pricing \n\n   * Fine to push to January -- after Black Friday, Thanksgiving, etc. More representative on price sensitivity \n\n* Checkbox\n\n   * React - all established brands have for NY / C\n\n\n\nhttps://hellofresh.slack.com/archives/C017E0Z1207/p1723191473331269\n\n[q]@alexander.matlin@hellofresh.com share designs with Yury\n\n[r]We don't have designs yet\n\n[s]@alexander.matlin@hellofresh.com - we need to adjust the behaviour, but this depends on the number of customers impacted (if this will skew experiment results), if exposure is limited i am not confident we need to change this now.\n\n[t]We don't show cut selection for preset plans on dashboard.\n\n[u]I will double check with Cori\n\n[v]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[w]@yt@hellofresh.com\n\n[x]@nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to nikita.gorshkov@hellofresh.com_\n\n[y]yury to align with seb\n\n[z]YT: the header jumps between Framer and actual WL. can we make consistent?\n\n[aa]can we condense the spacing so that each sections CTA\n\n[ab]YT: could we make content pages more visible on Mobile\n\n[ac]Takeaways: 1. don't show cut details 2. have multivariate test 3. optimise on pc2 4. customers can move to custom whether it's a. on dashboard or b. on plan settings -> depends on effort\n\n[ad]take convo async\n\n[ae]aligned\n\n[af]yes\n\n[ag]1. See where we can minimise white space to make sure that CTA is above the fold\n\n2. Make CTA sticky\n\n[ah]follow-up with Seb\n\n[ai]YT: legal issue since its not most popular\n\n\n\n\n\ninstead let's move to Best Value\n\n[aj]if we switch off XL for now, L should be \"Best Value\"\n\n[ak]if we are keeping XL, move \"Best Value\" to XL\n\n[al]YT: we've lost the content to further explain\n\n[am]@brigita.angkasa@hellofresh.com\n\n[an]@jhe@hellofresh.com virality is kicking off addons as a reward with the voucher squad today\n\n[ao]to be confirmed by Yury\n\n[ap]Yarra: \n\nWe'll work on giving you ETA at the end of the sprint since \n\n@vini\n\nneeds to complete the bootstrap part to estimate the deliverables. Let's circle back on Aug 29th\n\n[aq]fyi @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n[ar]@yt@hellofresh.com included the Order Confirmation designs here. Let me know if you have additional feedback.\n\n[as]Double check\n\n[at]How did the marketing mix evolve since last year? Would that also impact the retention? @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to yt@hellofresh.com_\n\n[au]How many people convert from the homepage as an entry point?\n\n[av]meal choice & monetization\n\n[aw]Yarra Welney\n\n[ax]check with AP + Dovas for case\n\n[ay]Yury to share deck of pics @yt@hellofresh.com\n\n_Assigned to yt@hellofresh.com_",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-16-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-16",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "yarra",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "Tech Sync Good Chop - 2025/12/17 21:00 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1t_-W5LsXWwm6gSYX5ldTbqXxhAFztYk7i6czGvJhD08",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t_-W5LsXWwm6gSYX5ldTbqXxhAFztYk7i6czGvJhD08/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 17, 2025\n\nTech Sync Good Chop\n\nInvited Yury Trofimov Nikita Gorshkov Alexander Matlin Beatrice Dimarucut Deo Nathaniel\n\nAttachments Tech Sync Good Chop \n\nMeeting records Recording \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nSomeone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) identified an issue where a voucher remained applied after clearing attempts, causing the plan menu to disappear upon selecting a \"one time box\" option, and noted a configuration discrepancy where a necessary setting was missing on live but present on staging, which also caused the wrong menu to display. Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) plans to prepare the necessary work to merge the required configuration setting into the live environment today and will ask someone from the town team to review the issue.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Voucher Application and Plan Removal Issue Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) observed a problem where a voucher was consistently applied, even after attempting to clear it, and found that the plan menu disappeared after clicking on a \"one time box\" option. They noted that the price was initially zero despite a voucher being present, and they also saw the voucher value of minus 50. Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) highlighted that on staging, unlike in the current environment, the plans would typically remain available after selecting a one-time box, allowing for the voucher to be removed.\n\n* Menu and Allocation Configuration Discrepancies Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) noticed that the system was recognizing a W52 menu, but the menu still showed 'classic box free cut' instead of a GPU-specific one, indicating a potential issue with menu request or allocation. They explored whether the problem was related to CCM or a syncing issue, confirming that menus set up on live sync to staging the next day. Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) then found a configuration difference: a necessary setting was present on staging but missing on live.\n\n* Resolution Plan for Missing Configuration Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) confirmed the need to merge something inside the code to resolve the configuration issue. They agreed to prepare the necessary work today to merge the required configuration setting into the live environment. Someone in Cobbler Hill (United States-NYCHQ, 7) decided to ask someone from the town team to review the issue and confirmed they would leave the matter with them.\n\n\n\n\n\nSuggested next steps\n\nNo suggested next steps were found for this meeting.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes\n\nPlease provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a short survey.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-18-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-18",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "deo",
        "beatrice",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "Tech Sync Good Chop - 2025/12/17 19:34 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1GXCAJMwy_L2b98WoylroodHLi17rvbUTp3eGIyAVamE",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GXCAJMwy_L2b98WoylroodHLi17rvbUTp3eGIyAVamE/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 17, 2025\n\nTech Sync Good Chop\n\nInvited Yury Trofimov Alexander Matlin Nikita Gorshkov Beatrice Dimarucut Deo Nathaniel\n\nAttachments Tech Sync Good Chop \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nA summary wasn't produced for this meeting because there wasn't enough conversation in a supported language.\n\n\n\nIf the meeting was transcribed, you can review the transcript linked in the meeting records section of this document.\n\n\n\nVisit the help center for troubleshooting information\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\nDetails weren't produced for this meeting.\n\n\n\n\n\nSuggested next steps\n\nNo suggested next steps were found for this meeting.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes\n\nPlease provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a short survey.\n\nüìñ Transcript\n\nDec 17, 2025\n\nTech Sync Good Chop - Transcript\n\nTranscription ended after 00:02:46\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-18-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-18",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "good chop"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "deo",
        "beatrice",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "Influencer MP: EOY Review - 2025/12/18 15:59 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1UdAvbiXUrziboX6cnMAbX2oMzgxTFVWqNEpqnhcd8RY",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UdAvbiXUrziboX6cnMAbX2oMzgxTFVWqNEpqnhcd8RY/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 18, 2025\n\nInfluencer MP: EOY Review\n\nInvited Ian Brooks Melanie Schwindt Katheryn Eckles Wanderley Teixeira Annette MvdE Sameer Doda Shay Obaidullah Alison McMenemy Marc Alice Canty Guido Mancassola Nikita Gorshkov Marlene Rosner Cole Banning Marina Kramer Jama Musse Linnea Siersma\n\nAttachments Influencer MP: EOY Review \n\nMeeting records Transcript File \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nAnnette MvdE welcomed the team, including Katheryn Eckles, Sameer Doda, Nikita Gorshkov, and Marc, to review last year's research and plan for next year, focusing on ongoing customer and creator interviews. Katheryn Eckles shared that influencer interviews revealed positive creator interest, but strong demand for clear monetization structure, efficient low-effort recipe uploads (e.g., automated nutrition facts), and enhanced filtering options on creator profiles, with concerns raised about the potential cost and time impact of the vetting process. Customer interviews showed high enthusiasm for the marketplace concept and a preference for low-commitment purchase models, emphasizing the need for creator trust established through verified badges, transparent reviews, and links to original social media videos. Someone in Megan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2) proposed integrating vetted creator recipes into HelloFresh's active meal selection for existing subscribers, suggesting that creators be paid every time their recipe ships, while Sameer Doda provided updates on scoping the MVP for the one-time purchase experience, leading to a recognized challenge regarding the sequencing of customer-facing versus creator-facing capabilities due to the supply-driven nature of the platform.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Last Year's Review and Early Insights Annette MvdE welcomed the team to the last year's review and thanked them for joining. The main focus of the sprint was customer interviews and concept evaluation with creators, which are still ongoing, with seven participants for the concept evaluation and the last session scheduled for Friday. Annette MvdE outlined the agenda, including Katheryn Eckles sharing research findings, updates from Melanie or Sameer, and a discussion on recommendations and plans for the next year (00:00:00).\n\n* Creator Research Findings Overview Katheryn Eckles reported that they are one interview away from completing all influencer interviews, totaling 12, which is more than expected due to successful recruitment (00:01:29). Initial common findings show that influencers view the concept positively and see high potential value in addressing ingredient sourcing friction for their audiences, provided there is operational efficiency and a clear return on investment (ROI). Creators are especially interested in the monetization structure and reducing the effort needed to upload and maintain content on the platform (00:02:39).\n\n* Creator Profile and Recipe Modularity Insights Regarding the creator profile screen, Katheryn Eckles noted that influencers strongly desired more filtering and tagging options, particularly for dietary needs like dairy-free and gluten-free, beyond the few category tags shown. Annette MvdE suggested that the platform could encourage creators to easily modify their recipes to accommodate swaps for a wider audience, possibly leveraging existing HelloFresh features like meat kit swapping (00:04:43). Katheryn Eckles confirmed that this modularity piece had come up in a few interviews (00:06:03).\n\n* Creator Landing Page and Action Clarity The creator landing page was found to be informative, but creators were un\n\n\n\neeing I would argue pretty strong initial signs of potential product market fit both in both directions in this marketplace.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Right.\n\nSameer Doda: set up follow-up conversations on that uh for us and yeah\n\nAnnette MvdE: Um\n\n \n\n \n\n00:54:32\n\n \n\nSameer Doda: like Nikita said I mean we already we're not waiting for uh that right now in any case we are already going ahead with at least one side of the platform so it's not uh kind of reducing our speed to delivery in any way shape or form uh but of course once we get to that decision it will also help us make uh decisions on the creator side of things uh more quickly\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Yeah. Yeah. I I need to jump unfortunately, but I think a lot of people do.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Yeah.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Um, but I wanted to say thank you very much in the first instance.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Yes.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Thank you to Annette for getting us to this point and leading it very capably. And secondly, thank you very much to Katherine for doing so much high quality uh insights work here and research work here.\n\n \n\n \n\n00:55:21\n\n \n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): It's of exceptional value. So thank you, thank you, thank you very much for all of that.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: 100%.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Um and then thank you to everyone else as well for\n\nAnnette MvdE: Thanks, Ian.\n\nKatheryn Eckles: Thank you.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): everything.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Thank you for your time. Yes, we have to run I guess like most of us are just you have the the links in here. This is just like linking to the work like work in progress document and underneath just saying like um uh people are going to vacation. I'm not sure like maybe you can also like add your vacation in there that we have slight understanding. I will be here for um first week of January still and then smoothly fade out because other projects are coming in as well. Um but Katie stays on a project and I think we have some ideas what to research next.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): I have no vacation. Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Okay.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:57:50\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/INBOX_2025-12-18-01.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-18",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "one-time purchase"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "sameer",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "Influencer MP: EOY Review - 2025/12/18 15:59 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1UdAvbiXUrziboX6cnMAbX2oMzgxTFVWqNEpqnhcd8RY",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UdAvbiXUrziboX6cnMAbX2oMzgxTFVWqNEpqnhcd8RY/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 18, 2025\n\nInfluencer MP: EOY Review\n\nInvited Ian Brooks Melanie Schwindt Katheryn Eckles Wanderley Teixeira Annette MvdE Sameer Doda Shay Obaidullah Alison McMenemy Marc Alice Canty Guido Mancassola Nikita Gorshkov Marlene Rosner Cole Banning Marina Kramer Jama Musse Linnea Siersma\n\nAttachments Influencer MP: EOY Review \n\nMeeting records Transcript Recording \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nAnnette MvdE welcomed the team, including Katheryn Eckles, Sameer Doda, Nikita Gorshkov, and Marc, to review last year's research and plan for next year, focusing on ongoing customer and creator interviews. Katheryn Eckles shared that influencer interviews revealed positive creator interest, but strong demand for clear monetization structure, efficient low-effort recipe uploads (e.g., automated nutrition facts), and enhanced filtering options on creator profiles, with concerns raised about the potential cost and time impact of the vetting process. Customer interviews showed high enthusiasm for the marketplace concept and a preference for low-commitment purchase models, emphasizing the need for creator trust established through verified badges, transparent reviews, and links to original social media videos. Someone in Megan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2) proposed integrating vetted creator recipes into HelloFresh's active meal selection for existing subscribers, suggesting that creators be paid every time their recipe ships, while Sameer Doda provided updates on scoping the MVP for the one-time purchase experience, leading to a recognized challenge regarding the sequencing of customer-facing versus creator-facing capabilities due to the supply-driven nature of the platform.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Last Year's Review and Early Insights Annette MvdE welcomed the team to the last year's review and thanked them for joining. The main focus of the sprint was customer interviews and concept evaluation with creators, which are still ongoing, with seven participants for the concept evaluation and the last session scheduled for Friday. Annette MvdE outlined the agenda, including Katheryn Eckles sharing research findings, updates from Melanie or Sameer, and a discussion on recommendations and plans for the next year (00:00:00).\n\n* Creator Research Findings Overview Katheryn Eckles reported that they are one interview away from completing all influencer interviews, totaling 12, which is more than expected due to successful recruitment (00:01:29). Initial common findings show that influencers view the concept positively and see high potential value in addressing ingredient sourcing friction for their audiences, provided there is operational efficiency and a clear return on investment (ROI). Creators are especially interested in the monetization structure and reducing the effort needed to upload and maintain content on the platform (00:02:39).\n\n* Creator Profile and Recipe Modularity Insights Regarding the creator profile screen, Katheryn Eckles noted that influencers strongly desired more filtering and tagging options, particularly for dietary needs like dairy-free and gluten-free, beyond the few category tags shown. Annette MvdE suggested that the platform could encourage creators to easily modify their recipes to accommodate swaps for a wider audience, possibly leveraging existing HelloFresh features like meat kit swapping (00:04:43). Katheryn Eckles confirmed that this modularity piece had come up in a few interviews (00:06:03).\n\n* Creator Landing Page and Action Clarity The creator landing page was found to be informative, but creators we\n\n\n\neeing I would argue pretty strong initial signs of potential product market fit both in both directions in this marketplace.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Right.\n\nSameer Doda: set up follow-up conversations on that uh for us and yeah\n\nAnnette MvdE: Um\n\n \n\n \n\n00:54:32\n\n \n\nSameer Doda: like Nikita said I mean we already we're not waiting for uh that right now in any case we are already going ahead with at least one side of the platform so it's not uh kind of reducing our speed to delivery in any way shape or form uh but of course once we get to that decision it will also help us make uh decisions on the creator side of things uh more quickly\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Yeah. Yeah. I I need to jump unfortunately, but I think a lot of people do.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Yeah.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Um, but I wanted to say thank you very much in the first instance.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Yes.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Thank you to Annette for getting us to this point and leading it very capably. And secondly, thank you very much to Katherine for doing so much high quality uh insights work here and research work here.\n\n \n\n \n\n00:55:21\n\n \n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): It's of exceptional value. So thank you, thank you, thank you very much for all of that.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: 100%.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): Um and then thank you to everyone else as well for\n\nAnnette MvdE: Thanks, Ian.\n\nKatheryn Eckles: Thank you.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): everything.\n\nAnnette MvdE: Thank you for your time. Yes, we have to run I guess like most of us are just you have the the links in here. This is just like linking to the work like work in progress document and underneath just saying like um uh people are going to vacation. I'm not sure like maybe you can also like add your vacation in there that we have slight understanding. I will be here for um first week of January still and then smoothly fade out because other projects are coming in as well. Um but Katie stays on a project and I think we have some ideas what to research next.\n\nMegan Thee Scallion (Canada - Toronto HQ, 2): I have no vacation. Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Okay.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:57:50\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/INBOX_2025-12-19-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-19",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "one-time purchase"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "jama",
        "sameer",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "OTP Topics - 2025/12/29 16:00 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1pH-H6ULtkfPPyd-Y6Tf5s1FlnoIfdZ4eHa2-4EOBAUE",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pH-H6ULtkfPPyd-Y6Tf5s1FlnoIfdZ4eHa2-4EOBAUE/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 29, 2025\n\nOTP Topics\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Alexander Matlin Hamed Karimian Edwin Torres Morteza Pourkazemi Pantelis Chatzinikolis\n\nAttachments OTP Topics \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nHamed Karimian convened a meeting to resolve outstanding VMS launch blockers for OTP, which included events not being received in Katana and Salesforce, and an error during refund payments; participants confirmed that the first two issues, which manifested immediately in live internal orders, were R&D blockers for launch. Participants Alexander Matlin, Nikita Gorshkov, Edwin Torres, and Morteza Pourkazemi discussed that while functional testing was successful on staging, the Katana and Salesforce events needed live testing, and they theorized the lack of triggered events might be due to a business division issue requiring the `grow go kit` library or a configuration problem like \"factor market\" not being enabled, as the orchestrator \"ops\" likely emits these events. The team agreed that the refund payment issue, which Edwin Torres noted requires an update to the `grow go kit` library to properly handle the new business division, can be deferred to week two, while Alexander Matlin will contact Marat and Arem from the plans squad regarding the event production issues, escalating to an incident if no response is received by 12 PM Berlin time the following day, and Nikita Gorshkov asked Hamed Karimian to investigate a manual refund process in the interim.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* VMS Launch Blockers for OTP Hamed Karimian introduced the main goal of the meeting: to resolve outstanding issues for the OTP launch for VMS, with the hope of going live next week. The identified blockers include not receiving events in Katana, Salesforce not receiving OTP events, and an error during refund payments on OTP. Nikita Gorshkov suggested that the refund payment issue could be resolved in week two, prioritizing the first two issues as R\\&D blockers for launch.\n\n* Testing Environment and Live Issues Alexander Matlin asked if the issues were consistently present since the internal-only live launch, which Hamed Karimian confirmed, noting that the two first orders on live, made by internal users, immediately exhibited these problems (00:01:10). Edwin Torres explained that while functional tests, error handling, and other cases worked on staging, they lacked the ability to test the Katana and Salesforce parts in staging, necessitating testing on live with specific customers (00:02:13). Morteza Pourkazemi stated that testing for TCS (Salesforce side) and Katana is possible on staging, suggesting that for Salesforce, ensuring the email has the underlying test suffix should allow testing (00:03:46).\n\n* Missing Events to Katana and Salesforce Edwin Torres confirmed that orders were created successfully and visible in \"all\" or Bob, but communications to Katana and Salesforce events were not triggered (00:06:26). Edwin Torres theorized that the lack of triggered events, which means the customer would not receive the physical product, might be related to the business division and the required use of the `grow go kit` library (00:07:36). Alexander Matlin and Nikita Gorshkov discussed that the problem might be a configuration issue since the same API points are used by other brands, suggesting that the \"factor market\" might not be enabled (00:08:51).\n\n* Identifying Event Emitters and Next Steps for Blockers Edwin Torres initially thought the events were generated by Customer Order Services, but after reviewing a diagram, concluded that \"ops,\n\n\n\no be seeing at the moment, uh my ask to you Hammed, would be how can we figure out a refund process that would be manual like uh uh with the team throughout uh next week so that if a refund is requested, we can trigger some kind of refunds one way or the other manually extracting this particular order number, what have you.\n\nHamed Karimian: Yeah, I'm sure there should there should be a way for that.\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah.\n\nHamed Karimian: I I can reach out to the customer care team to see if\n\nNikita Gorshkov: And in the meantime, uh, let's, uh, Edwin, can you, you already have the ticket,\n\nHamed Karimian: there's\n\nNikita Gorshkov: right?\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah, I have the ticket.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Do you have a thread within their channel on the I guess it's on the payment side. Uh,\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: can you ping me on that channel? I'll, I'll just make sure that I Yep.\n\n \n\n \n\n00:20:35\n\n \n\nNikita Gorshkov: Thank you.\n\nEdwin Torres: Is this one uh so it's the same one that you have the one time ordering capability. So it's the third the third point.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Oh, it's with Yeah, it's where Gang go. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Okay.\n\nEdwin Torres: Oh yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: All right.\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah. That that was the the thing that I didn't find the the people because everybody was in\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Cool. Oh,\n\nEdwin Torres: holidays.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: but Genga is actually online right now.\n\nEdwin Torres: Okay. Okay. I've been\n\nAlexander Matlin: Okay. S.\n\nEdwin Torres: helping\n\nAlexander Matlin: So let's then reach out for the first two topics uh respective teams and see like if we don't get maybe answer before like tomorrow like 12 12 Berlin time then we can decide to\n\nNikita Gorshkov: That's it.\n\nAlexander Matlin: escalate.\n\nEdwin Torres: Okay, sure. All right, folks. So, yeah, I'm going to reach out then, Marad. I'll investigate that part and I'll update the the thread and let you know what happens then.\n\nAlexander Matlin: Mhm.\n\nEdwin Torres: But if you have any insights or information, yeah, just let us know.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Sounds good. Thank you, folks. Murray, uh, you want to stay for a second? Yeah. Cheerio. Hey. Hey.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:22:04\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/INBOX_2025-12-29-01.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-29",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "vms",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "hamed",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "OTP Topics - 2025/12/29 16:00 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1pH-H6ULtkfPPyd-Y6Tf5s1FlnoIfdZ4eHa2-4EOBAUE",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pH-H6ULtkfPPyd-Y6Tf5s1FlnoIfdZ4eHa2-4EOBAUE/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 29, 2025\n\nOTP Topics\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Alexander Matlin Hamed Karimian Edwin Torres Morteza Pourkazemi Pantelis Chatzinikolis\n\nAttachments OTP Topics \n\nMeeting records Transcript \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nHamed Karimian convened a meeting to resolve outstanding VMS launch blockers for OTP, which included events not being received in Katana and Salesforce, and an error during refund payments; participants confirmed that the first two issues, which manifested immediately in live internal orders, were R&D blockers for launch. Participants Alexander Matlin, Nikita Gorshkov, Edwin Torres, and Morteza Pourkazemi discussed that while functional testing was successful on staging, the Katana and Salesforce events needed live testing, and they theorized the lack of triggered events might be due to a business division issue requiring the `grow go kit` library or a configuration problem like \"factor market\" not being enabled, as the orchestrator \"ops\" likely emits these events. The team agreed that the refund payment issue, which Edwin Torres noted requires an update to the `grow go kit` library to properly handle the new business division, can be deferred to week two, while Alexander Matlin will contact Marat and Arem from the plans squad regarding the event production issues, escalating to an incident if no response is received by 12 PM Berlin time the following day, and Nikita Gorshkov asked Hamed Karimian to investigate a manual refund process in the interim.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* VMS Launch Blockers for OTP Hamed Karimian introduced the main goal of the meeting: to resolve outstanding issues for the OTP launch for VMS, with the hope of going live next week. The identified blockers include not receiving events in Katana, Salesforce not receiving OTP events, and an error during refund payments on OTP. Nikita Gorshkov suggested that the refund payment issue could be resolved in week two, prioritizing the first two issues as R\\&D blockers for launch.\n\n* Testing Environment and Live Issues Alexander Matlin asked if the issues were consistently present since the internal-only live launch, which Hamed Karimian confirmed, noting that the two first orders on live, made by internal users, immediately exhibited these problems (00:01:10). Edwin Torres explained that while functional tests, error handling, and other cases worked on staging, they lacked the ability to test the Katana and Salesforce parts in staging, necessitating testing on live with specific customers (00:02:13). Morteza Pourkazemi stated that testing for TCS (Salesforce side) and Katana is possible on staging, suggesting that for Salesforce, ensuring the email has the underlying test suffix should allow testing (00:03:46).\n\n* Missing Events to Katana and Salesforce Edwin Torres confirmed that orders were created successfully and visible in \"all\" or Bob, but communications to Katana and Salesforce events were not triggered (00:06:26). Edwin Torres theorized that the lack of triggered events, which means the customer would not receive the physical product, might be related to the business division and the required use of the `grow go kit` library (00:07:36). Alexander Matlin and Nikita Gorshkov discussed that the problem might be a configuration issue since the same API points are used by other brands, suggesting that the \"factor market\" might not be enabled (00:08:51).\n\n* Identifying Event Emitters and Next Steps for Blockers Edwin Torres initially thought the events were generated by Customer Order Services, but after reviewing a diagram, concluded that \"ops,\n\n\n\no be seeing at the moment, uh my ask to you Hammed, would be how can we figure out a refund process that would be manual like uh uh with the team throughout uh next week so that if a refund is requested, we can trigger some kind of refunds one way or the other manually extracting this particular order number, what have you.\n\nHamed Karimian: Yeah, I'm sure there should there should be a way for that.\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah.\n\nHamed Karimian: I I can reach out to the customer care team to see if\n\nNikita Gorshkov: And in the meantime, uh, let's, uh, Edwin, can you, you already have the ticket,\n\nHamed Karimian: there's\n\nNikita Gorshkov: right?\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah, I have the ticket.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Do you have a thread within their channel on the I guess it's on the payment side. Uh,\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: can you ping me on that channel? I'll, I'll just make sure that I Yep.\n\n \n\n \n\n00:20:35\n\n \n\nNikita Gorshkov: Thank you.\n\nEdwin Torres: Is this one uh so it's the same one that you have the one time ordering capability. So it's the third the third point.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Oh, it's with Yeah, it's where Gang go. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Okay.\n\nEdwin Torres: Oh yeah.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: All right.\n\nEdwin Torres: Yeah. That that was the the thing that I didn't find the the people because everybody was in\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Cool. Oh,\n\nEdwin Torres: holidays.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: but Genga is actually online right now.\n\nEdwin Torres: Okay. Okay. I've been\n\nAlexander Matlin: Okay. S.\n\nEdwin Torres: helping\n\nAlexander Matlin: So let's then reach out for the first two topics uh respective teams and see like if we don't get maybe answer before like tomorrow like 12 12 Berlin time then we can decide to\n\nNikita Gorshkov: That's it.\n\nAlexander Matlin: escalate.\n\nEdwin Torres: Okay, sure. All right, folks. So, yeah, I'm going to reach out then, Marad. I'll investigate that part and I'll update the the thread and let you know what happens then.\n\nAlexander Matlin: Mhm.\n\nEdwin Torres: But if you have any insights or information, yeah, just let us know.\n\nNikita Gorshkov: Sounds good. Thank you, folks. Murray, uh, you want to stay for a second? Yeah. Cheerio. Hey. Hey.\n\n \n\n \n\nTranscription ended after 00:22:04\n\n\n\n\n\nThis editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/INBOX_2025-12-30-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-30",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "vms",
        "otp"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "hamed",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 4
    },
    {
      "title": "Nikita / Prateek (Deep Dive) - 2025/12/05 13:04 CET - Notes by Gemini",
      "doc_id": "1ZrH9rh9OO4FWLwVYdzufa3KLqOQroasXNlOYRhiHiWk",
      "link": "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZrH9rh9OO4FWLwVYdzufa3KLqOQroasXNlOYRhiHiWk/edit?usp=drivesdk",
      "content": "Ôªøüìù Notes\n\nDec 5, 2025\n\nNikita / Prateek (Deep Dive)\n\nInvited Nikita Gorshkov Prateek Jajoo\n\nAttachments Nikita / Prateek (Deep Dive) \n\nMeeting records Recording \n\n\n\n\n\nSummary\n\nNikita Gorshkov and Prateek Jajoo discussed content strategy and app development, acknowledging a weak history in content but recognizing the potential of an app to measure and communicate pet health improvements to users, with the goal of improving social proof and retention. They agreed on the need to define the smallest possible product and to test ideas by understanding pet owners' top worries through a survey, which Nikita Gorshkov confirmed the commercial team can easily incorporate into existing surveys. Prateek Jajoo inquired about the power user demographics, whom Nikita Gorshkov identified as \"dinks\" in metro areas, with high annual spending on their pets.\n\n\n\n\n\nDetails\n\nNotes Length: Standard\n\n* Content Strategy and App Development Nikita Gorshkov noted the company's weak history in content strategies and daily active user increases, which makes them cautious about investing heavily in content, despite recognizing the interest. They suggested finding easy ways to show users that their products improve pet health, which can then be used as social proof on the website. Prateek Jajoo connected this idea to the potential basis for a pet app, which Nikita Gorshkov affirmed could be a strong idea.\n\n* Testing Ideas and Customer Concerns Nikita Gorshkov emphasized the need to define the smallest possible product and, more importantly, to test interesting ideas to build confidence before committing significant resources. Prateek Jajoo suggested understanding the top five worries or thoughts a pet owner has about their pet to ensure that any app features or solutions address what customers truly care about, thus driving daily usage and engagement. Nikita Gorshkov agreed that providing basic tracking capabilities should be offered not only to active customers but potentially to any pet owners who download the app.\n\n* Surveying Pet Owners To understand customer thoughts, Prateek Jajoo suggested running a survey. Nikita Gorshkov confirmed that the commercial team already runs a survey every two weeks or monthly, and it would be easy to add additional questions due to a good response rate. They shared the contact of Lindsay within the TPT team, who typically runs these in-depth surveys, and offered to add Prateek Jajoo for visibility, mentioning that the latest one they had access to was from August.\n\n* Target Customer Demographics and Spending Prateek Jajoo inquired about the demographics of the power user customer. Nikita Gorshkov identified the power users as \"dinks\" (Dual Income, No Kids) in metro areas, who have the time, energy, and desire to pamper their pets with fresh frozen food, considering the increase in dog ownership and the perception of pets as children. Nikita Gorshkov noted that the average spend in the US per dog is $1.6k per year, emphasizing that this is a lot of money and the highest amount globally.\n\n* Customer Connection and Health Measurement Prateek Jajoo discussed the emotional attachment and time spent with a dog, suggesting owners would notice improvements in health or appearance, but proposed that the company should help measure and communicate those improvements rather than waiting for the customer to figure it out. Nikita Gorshkov agreed with the sentiment and suggested that Prateek Jajoo speak with Yara, who owns a dog named Boba and represents a good middle ground for their target audience, as she ensures their pet is healthy and happy. Prateek Jajoo connected this idea of measuring and communicating health improvements to solving the retention problem, comparing it to the high utility of services like Amazon Prime.\n\n* Next Steps and Design Bandwidth Prateek Jajoo stated that they would start working on the login page and write a one-pager for review to plan stage one and stage two for a quick win within one sprint. Prateek Jajoo expressed concern about Katrina's bandwidth for the design work. Nikita Gorshkov confirmed they are working to ensure Katrina has the necessary bandwidth and is pushing back on distractions from their senior director.\n\n\n\n\n\nSuggested next steps\n\n* Prateek Jajoo will start work on the login page and write a one-pager to review and make stage one and stage two plans for a quick win within one sprint.\n\n* Nikita Gorshkov will help Prateek Jajoo navigate where to find the survey and related information by sending the contact for Lindsay and adding Prateek Jajoo to the TPT team for visibility on the surveys.\n\n* Prateek Jajoo will work with the designer Katrina to ensure the right questions are being asked in the survey to get the right information.\n\n* Nikita Gorshkov will ensure that Katrina has the bandwidth for the design work.\n\n\n\n\n\nYou should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes\n\nPlease provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a short survey.",
      "source_file": "AI_Guidance/Brain/Inbox/Archive/INBOX_2025-12-05-.md",
      "source_date": "2025-12-05",
      "doc_type": "meeting",
      "matched_topics": [
        "tpt"
      ],
      "matched_people": [
        "prateek",
        "nikita"
      ],
      "filter_score": 3
    }
  ],
  "doc_count": 9,
  "total_chars": 44901
}