---
$schema: brain://entity/project/v1
$id: entity/project/slack-nikita-2025-12-30
$type: project
$version: 1
$created: '2026-01-22T08:31:00.711061Z'
$updated: '2026-01-30T10:07:34.834666'
$confidence: 0.36
$source: unknown
$status: active
$relationships:
- type: mentioned_in
  target: nikita
  confidence: 0.7
  source: body_extraction
  last_verified: '2026-01-30'
- type: similar_to
  target: entity/person/u03ty4yju4x-nikita
  confidence: 0.651
  source: auto_embedding
  last_verified: '2026-01-30'
  metadata:
    model: all-MiniLM-L6-v2
    threshold: 0.65
$tags: []
$aliases: []
$events:
- event_id: evt-migration-20260122
  timestamp: '2026-01-22T08:31:00.711061Z'
  type: entity_create
  actor: system/schema_migrator
  changes:
  - field: $schema
    operation: set
    value: brain://entity/project/v1
  message: Migrated from v1 to v2 schema
name: Slack Nikita 2025 12 30
---

# Slack Messages - Nikita Gorshkov
# Channel: tribe-new-ventures-leads-internal (C06CT0185T3)
# Extracted: 2025-12-30

--- 2025-12-29 15:25:10 ---
<@U087178ACSD> - JFYI addedd a ticket for the Q1 calculations: <https://hellofresh.atlassian.net/browse/PA-25652>

<@U01AKGWGLC8> <@U09UKDH3AA0> <@U03UMPD2NNS> <@U09D8BZ9891> - please see of we already have some of the values as well.
--------------------

--- 2025-12-26 04:06:39 ---
Thanks Wander! Turned out to be a false alarm (VPN-related) but good to have that either way for me. :ty:
--------------------

--- 2025-12-25 04:15:24 ---
~hey folks who is on call this and next week? We have a slight issue on GoC.~
--------------------

--- 2025-12-18 20:37:54 ---
Congratulations to MIO on the first release! :heart_hands::tada: 
--------------------

--- 2025-12-15 22:23:41 ---
<@U027201FQSV> do we know what needs to change in OWL to address these issues? E.g. decoupling cancellation and refund logic?
--------------------

--- 2025-12-12 02:12:09 ---
<!channel> for the AHM we're asked to present a consolidated view on the 2025 year past :slightly_smiling_face: for this I want to solicit candidates for the following content:
• Biggest win
• Biggest learning
• One unexpected moment
*Deadline:* please submit your candidates by 14:00 tomorrow (unfortunately this is a bit time sensitive)
*Note:* only *one* of each will be highlighted (so one win, learning and moment)
--------------------

--- 2025-12-11 12:46:02 ---
hey folks our stuff for tpt, goc, vms etc. are all in the /web repo, correct?
--------------------

--- 2025-12-10 13:07:32 ---
OT: <@UEZ4PRFKM> <@U01BT6RE4JG> - whats the MIO jira project name?
--------------------

--- 2025-12-10 13:07:16 ---
Here's a suggested solutions plan.
--------------------

--- 2025-12-10 13:06:58 ---
:wave: hey folks, please see the update that I pinged you about.

*tl;dr:* we're asked to follow the *<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rmoBu68La_UdWDzb_ioa3bM2kgfR_c_Bf4AHEplsEEA/edit?usp=sharing|sprint reporting>*, basically to fill out *<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TFvUQFbFKG4k5Y819UqVpxIVN9ebXJFkiMXTvzcb8ak/edit?usp=sharing|this>* every sprint.
*Opinion:* personally I hate this whole idea, but there isn't anything we can do; it's a waste of time for an unclear reason (I don't know who would be reading this, and if it's for AI cointext building this can be done without a separate file).

*Solution:* we automate the whole setup. We have the following things to fill out:
1. KPI movement based on our north star KPIs: <@U087178ACSD> could you work with your team to get this automatically (I am assuming this is part of the 2026 P0 work)
2. What was delivered in the last sprint: it's a list of deliverables, I am assuming on an Epic level + small improvements done within the sprint: <@U027201FQSV> - can you lead this to support <@U8F7ZDAPM> <@U01BT6RE4JG> <@U08E2S3V5D1> to automate the capture from the sprints?
3. Key Learnings since last sprint: Hm, this one is a bit tricky, as it's unclear as to what can be a learning (virtually anything). Suggestion: once the automation for the sprint deliverables is done, we simply create an automation via my PM-OS that runs through existing context to create an update from our discussions and updates. This one I feel is trickier.
4. Planned for Next Sprint: <@U027201FQSV> - same process here just for future sprint.
5. Video :eye-roll: : No ideas here.

--------------------

--- 2025-12-04 11:38:42 ---
*tl;dr:* Folks, unfortunately, there is no quick solution to the issue at hand.

*Context:* Unfortunately, for cost-saving reasons, the ground floor quiet area will be subleased to another company, which means that that space will become unavailable for HF. Unfortunately, legally, WoCo does need access to secure, private rooms. Furthermore, because it's a "smart building" it's impossible to create additional meeting rooms quickly.

*Immediate Solution:* We increase the usage of Mezzanine, the meeting room in the Mezzanine and the long table in the corridor on the other side of our room.

*Mid-Term Solution:* The mezzanine space will be improved and separated into sections to increase access and utilization of the space. There will be a conference space, a individual meeting space and an easy way to get to the meeting room without disturbing participants in the conference space. The workspace team will consider increasing the quantity of phonebooths as well to compensate partially.
--------------------
